Episode - #HappyHolograms 
 
 
 
Kyle: It's the holiday season, but the good times... are ending.
Because what matters most isn't what's good, it's what's trending.[leaves the menorah and stops by Ike's room, and looks in]
This younger generation, with their eyes and ears glued:
What's trending to them is trenders who trend on YouTube.[Ike is watching "Dragon Age: Inquisition" on his computer while eating Flamin' Hot Cheetos]
 
Cartman: [his commenter window pops up on screen] Ahem, how's it going brahs? This is CartmaaanBrah!
 
Kyle: Comments on commentators, it's all changing so fast.
Playing XBox with your brother is... just a thing of the past.[Kyle looks at the floor, turns back and walks away. he stops by the kitchen, then by his dad's study. Gerald takes a selfie with his pet project: a model of a ship]
Now with Ma on her iPad, and Dad trending or trying,
All the family is scattered, and the living room's dying.[he walks through the living room, then stops and looks around]
Because it wasn't the outdoors or church or even trips to go ski,[he looks at the TV and walks up to it]
What brought families together most was a good old TV[he walks through the park with his head down]
Now we watch things by ourselves and just tweet what we saw.[he sees a little girl on a bench looking at her iPhone]
And if you try to complain, you get called a-
 
Girl: Grandpa!
 
Kyle: I'm NOT a GRANDPA!
 
Kyle: [Now at his own desk]

But now let me tweet this for you all to comment upon.[The following is the tweet]
The more connected we get, the more alone we become.
If you want change like I do, and feel the same gloom,
Then please follow THIS trend, #savethelivingroom[finishes the tweet but doesn't submit it yet. He's wearing a tee shirt with #savethelivingroom on it]
 
Kyle: Whattaya think?
 
Butters: Hmmm, it's kind of gay.
 
Kyle: Really??
 
Butters: I mean, havin' it all rhyme 'n stuff, you know?
 
Kyle: Hm, I wasn't really going for "gay," I was more going for "wholesome."
 
Butters: Well, gay is wholesome.
 
Kyle: But it's gotta be perfect. We're trending well, but we need to attract more followers who want good old family values.
 
Sheila: [knocks, then enters] Kyle, Bill Cosby is here to see you.
 
Kyle: Bill Cosby.
 
Sheila: Yes.
 
Kyle: Is here. To see me.
 
Sheila: Yes. [turns around and leaves]
 
Bill Cosby: Oh! There he is comin' down the stairs.
 
Kyle: Hello.
 
Bill Cosby: Hello, son. Your savethelivingroom hash tag is getting a lot of attention and we think it's great.
 
Kyle: We?
 
Bill Cosby: I'm just a small part of a big epic holiday special, which is gonna air this weekend. [notices how dusty the TV is and wipes some of the dust off with his right hand] It's a shame how families don't gather in their living rooms like they used to, and we think a big holiday special is just the thing America needs now.
 
Kyle: Wow. [smiles] Well that's awesome!
 
Bill Cosby: Well the producers of the show saw how much your idea was trending and thought we should get your hash-tag on board with ours.
 
Kyle: M-Ah, I'd love to.
 
Bill Cosby: Great! I'll go right now and tell them you're on board. We've gotta do this quickly!
 
Kyle: Uh okay! No problem! [Bill lets himself out]
 
Bill Cosby: This holiday special is gonna bring families together again, son!
 
Kyle: Uh thanks, Mr. Cosby!
 
Bill Cosby: Happy Holidays! [Kyle closes the door, and Bill's glitch appears as he walks away - this Bill is a hologram]
 
Det. Harris: Mr. Marsh, forgive me if I say your story sounds a little farfetched. You're saying that these people who what you killed are entertainment producers?
 
Randy: Yes, they made a copy of me and they don't want me around anymore. They're about to do something big, and they need famous artists to be controlled for it.
 
Officer 1: [with mustache] Who's the famous artist?
 
Randy: Me! Oh right, I forgot to tell you that part. I'm actually Lorde.
 
Det. Harris: You're Lorde.
 
Sharon: The nineteen year old pop star. It's true, that's him.
 
Officer 1: You mean the girl who just showed her asshole on Jimmy Fallon?
 
Randy: No! That was a copy of me!
 
Officer 2: Right. The thing that I jacked off to was you! Huh! [bemused smile which quickly fades.]
 
Randy: Look, I don't know what they're up to, but these people have something much darker planned!
 
Officer 3: [runs into the station] Detective Harris! Sir! We've got a problem!
 
Det. Harris: [turns around] What is it, Adams?
 
Adams: [Officer 3] We've arrested a black man who was snooping around the old Jefferson estate!
 
Det. Harris: Did you choke him?
 
Adams: Yes!
 
Det. Harris: Did you shoot him?
 
Adams: YES!
 
Det. Harris: So what's the problem?
 
Adams: He... appears to be just a hologram, sir.
 
MJ's Hologram: [brought in by another officer, somehow handcuffed] Naw, it's ignorant! You don't understand! We have to stop them! Heee hee!
 
Det. Harris: Oh my God. Are you sure that hologram is black??
 
Kyle: [excitedly] Dude, what are you doing?!
 
Stan: [texting] Trying to find my dad. He's supposed to take me to the board game store.
 
Kyle: They picked up my hash tag, Stan! I'm trending!
 
Stan: Who did?
 
Kyle: These producers making a big holiday special! [goes to the TV and wipes it clean] They had me upload a video for a commercial they're about to air! They said my hash tag was awesome, and they wanted to promote it!
 
Stan: That's a little strange, isn't it?
 
Kyle: No, it's great! It's just what this country needs right now!
 
Announcer: From the producers of Women Of Rock Live and The Rockefeller Tree Lighting Ceremony, it's the holiday television event of the season! With appearances by [the guest stars are shown as they're mentioned] Al Pacino [on a sled going down a hill] Iggy Azalea [wearing a black and white outfit, with her ass dressed up as a snowman] J.J. Watt [clutching a reindeer] Miley Cyrus [dressed as an elf, swinging from a huge Christmas ornament and sticking her tongue out] U2 [presenting gifts] Angelina Jolie [dressed as an elf and scratching her crotch] Bill Cosby and Taylor Swift [he offers her a drink, she declines it] A hologram of Elvis Presley [a National Enquire tabloid drops down to reveal him, then a bigfoot appears behind him] Kurt Cobain's hologram [pops up from a chimney and waves hello with his hat] The hologram of Robin Williams [wearing reindeer horns and festive clothes, pops his clown nose off] Tom Hanks, Lorde [he holds up a mistletoe as her hologram turns around] First Lady Michelle Obama [licks a huge candy cane] And Michael Jackson's hologram as Peter Pan.
 
MJ's hologram: [flits through the air] I'm flying! Hee dah dada dat dih
 
Announcer: And featuring live commentary the entire show by CartmanBrah.
 
Cartman: CartmaaanBrah! Dude, check it out. Lady Gaga is singing Christmas songs. Isn't she a Jew?
 
Announcer: There's something for every generation to bring families together.
 
Kyle: Please, tune in and help get America's families back in the living room.
 
Cartman: He's such a douchebag.
 
Announcer: It's all live and it's all magical. It's the Washington Redskins Go Fuck Yourself Holiday Special.
 
Cartman: Now we're talkin'! [the commenter window disappears and Stan and Kyle are stunned]
 
Kyle: That son of a bitch!
 
Stan: That self-promoting asshole!
 
Kyle: Why would he do this?!
 
Stan: Because my dad's an idiot!
 
Kyle: Not your dad, Cartman! What's your dad got to do with this?!
 
Stan: Nnnothing, nothing.
 
Cartman: Ehey hey, how's it going bros? This is CartmaaanBrah! And it looks like we're in the producer's office in Los Angeles now. [eats some chips]
 
Exec. 1: So far the holiday special is trending fine, but it appears that the Michael Jackson hologram is the most heavily tweeted.
 
Record producer: And we still have no idea where the damned hologram is?
 
Ron: Not yet, but Tupac is close to hunting him down.
 
Cartman: Look at that guy. He's like 40, but he's got a Justin Bieber haircut.
 
Record producer: We got one shot at this, people! This [pounds his fist on the table] has to be the holiday special to end all holiday specials!
 
Ron: Sir, I get that you brought this YouTube commentator in because he's popular with the younger kids, but now he's trying to tell us what the show should be called??
 
Record producer: He's got his finger on the pulse of young America.
 
Exec. 2: Sir, I'm pretty sure that [reads from his phone] "Washington Redskins Go Fuck Yourself Holiday Special" is not a good name.
 
Cartman: No, it's not good, it's fuckin' awesome!
 
Ron: [leans in] If I may be frank, sir, I think you're giving this kid a little too much power!
 
Cartman: I can hear you, douchebag.
 
Record producer: People, you know what we're trying to do here. [leaves his desk and paces the room] We're trying to finally create entertainment that reaches the younger generation, that unites the young with the old. That means being hip, being now.
 
Cartman: These guys are such blumpkin catchers.
 
Record producer: There, you see that? "Blumpkin catchers." Do any of you even know what that means? This kid is our way to connect with the youth of America, and I'm gonna give him all the power he needs.
 
Cartman: G'dang g'dang! G'dang g'dang g'dank!
 
Officer 4: What about this, sir? Burnt sienna?
 
Det. Harris: He's not a Native American, damnit! That's obvious!
 
Officer 1: I'll, I'll put it in the report he's Mylar brown.
 
Det. Harris: That isn't even close! We have to be able to prove that hologram is a light-skinned black guy!
 
Randy: Mr. Jackson, it's me, Lorde.
 
MJ's hologram: Who? Lorde? You're not Lorde, that's ignorant.
 
Randy: Please. Do you know what's going on here? What are the producers trying to do?
 
MJ's hologram: They're gonna make a big holiday special. They've got holograms and YouTube commentators and live tweeting and it's ignorant! It's gonna be the most ignorant holiday special ever!
 
Randy: A holiday special. Oh my God.
 
MJ's hologram: It's directed at children! We have to stop them!
 
Officer 4: Huh how about we say he's mixed race?
 
Det. Harris: As long as Adams only choked the black half, I think it's okay.
 
Randy: [to Sharon] I should have known. Bastards always talked about a day when social media and entertainment would be fused as one! I didn't know they meant a Christmas special! [to MJ's hologram] Can you help me stop them?!
 
MJ's hologram: Yes. We have to reach the children. It's our only hope.
 
Randy: Then we'll do it together. I love children just as much as you do.
 
MJ's hologram: [stands up] ALLEGEDLY! [the officers look at him] THAT WAS A CIVIL SUIT AND THERE WAS NO EVIDENCE! [sits down] It's ignorant.
 
Kyle: Mom?! Where is Ike?!
 
Sheila: Oh Kyle! Your hash tag is really trending. I saw the commercial.
 
Kyle: That's not what I was trending! They took my hash tag and they raped it! Where is Ike?!
 
Sheila: He's upstairs playing with all his friends.
 
PewDiePie: Oh my God, that's the ugliest...
 
Kyle: Ike! You are no longer to watch that stupid little YouTube blogging asshole! Do you understand?! You damn kids following these YouTube commentators is bad enough, but i will not have them invading my living room!
 
Kid 2: Old people are so funny.
 
Conner: They really just don't get it.
 
Kid 3: And they smell like soap.
 
Stan: We're not old people! You guys are just into lame, vulgar crap, and it needs to be stopped!
 
Kid 4: Careful Grandpa, you might crap your Depends! [the kids laugh, even Ike]
 
Kyle: WE'RE NOT BEING GRANDPAS!
 
Stan: Yeah, you damn kids!
 
PewDiePie: ...that's the lamest...
 
Det. Harris: Okay, okay, so we're agreeing the hologram is black. So the question is, if he's black, then how come we couldn't choke him?
 
Front Desk Officer: Can I help you? [the hologram looks at him and moves away] Eh-excuse me. Can I help you? [the hologram moves deeper into the building. A security camera shows him walking down a hallway. The front desk officer runs into the office] Sir? A black guy walked into the police station!
 
Det. Harris: Heh, uh huh? [looks at the officer and grins]
 
Front Desk Officer: Well a, a black guy walked into the police station.
 
Det. Harris: [chuckling, anticipating a joke] Yeah? Wait. Mitchell, listen to this one. [Mitchell appears in the background] Start over: what's the setup?
 
Front Desk Officer: There's this black guy, walked into the police station.
 
Mitchell: Oh yeah, I think I've heard it, but go ahead.
 
Front Desk Officer: No, really, a black guy walked into the-!
 
Mitchell: Ohhh ya ya ya? "We set who free?"
 
Front Desk Officer: No no, a black guy literally walked into the police station!
 
Det. Harris: Oh, it's a new one. [Tupac's hologram walks in] Aw, shit! Look out! [the officers quickly draw their weapons]
 
Officer 4: It's a black guy! Choke him!
 
Det. Harris: Shoot him!
 
Officer 4: Shoot him and then choke him! [the front desk officer shoots the hologram, but the bullet just goes through and disrupts the hologram's structural integrity. The officer tries to choke the hologram, but the arms just go through it]
 
MJ's hologram: He's here to kill us! Run!! Heee heee! [they escape while the officers shoot at Tupac's hologram. They go down the fire escape unnoticed]
 
Kyle: Cartman, open this door right now!
 
Cartman: [his commenter window pops up] Hahaha, look at kyle, brahs. he's all pissed off. CartmaanBrah!
 
Kyle: What the hell are you doing?!
 
Cartman: What's it look like I'm doing? I'm trending, Kyle. I'm trending more than I ecer thought possible.
 
Kyle: Come out here and talk to me face to face! Open this door!
 
Cartman: How do you even know I'm here in my room?
 
Kyle: Because you just said, "here in my room"!
 
Cartman: ...Very impressive, Kyle. But the holiday special is beginning soon. I'm afraid I can't let there be any distractions. [Kyle tries breaking his way into the room] You will find that my door has been sealed with a 3/4 inch plywood and a polymer-metal alloy secured with drewall screws. [Kyle stops]
 
Stan: Cartman, please! We have to stop this show! Lorde is going to do something horrible and corrupt little girls everywhere!
 
Cartman: Why does that matter?
 
Stan: Because Lorde is my dad, alright?! [walks forward as his anger drains away] Lorde is my dad.
 
Cartman: What?
 
Kyle: What are you talking about, Stan?
 
Stan: He does it all with computers and processors... He got discovered on the Internet. He's like the PewDiePie of music. And he played live last week. Rubbed his clit and started trending more than ever. I thought he had learned his lesson... but it's like he doesn't care.
 
Cartman: Sorry guys, I gotta go. The world needs CartmanBrah. [the commenter window disappears]
 
Kyle: Why didn't you tell me, Stam? I would've helped.
 
Stan: It just all seemed so... stupid.
 
Kyle: I'll call the producers of the show. They'll help you find your dad.
 
Sharon: See if it started!
 
Randy: We don't really use this thing anymore. [grabs the remote and turns on the TV] It hasn't started yet! Alright, Sharon, get on your computer upstairs! Mr. Jackson, you can take the one in my son's room! We've got to tell people the truth!
 
Sharon: [puts her hand on Randy's shoulder] Randy, what about Shelly?
 
Randy: Oh my God...
 
MJ's hologram: Shelly? Who's Shelly? That's ignorant.
 
Randy: My daughter... She has no idea that I'm Lorde... I can't let her find out from the Internet. I have to tell her the truth before we all tell the world.
 
Sharon: How are you going to tell her that the singer she's idolized has been you?
 
Randy: I guess... one step at a time.
 
Randy: Shelly? Um, I'm Lorde. [she sits up a little] All the music you've really been into has been me. Nobody in the family knew except for your mother. And your brother, and your grandpa. But Michael Jackson's hologram is here and we're going to set the record straight, Okay? Love you. [blows her a kiss and closes the door, then to Michael's hologram]Whew, that was hard.
 
Sharon: RANDY?! [Randy and Michael's hologram head downstairs]
 
Sharon: It's started.
 
Announcer: And now, Nabisco and Dolly Madison present, The Washington Redskins Go Fuck Yourself Holiday Special! [CartmanBrah appears in a window at upper left of the screen]
And now, live via hologram, it's Kurt Cobain. [he appears in a Christmas fireplace setting]
 
Cartman: Oh, this should be good.
 
Kurt's hologram: [begins to sing]
Up on the housetop, reindeer pause out jumps good ole Santa Claus
 
Cartman: I'm sure this is exactly how Kurt Cobain would want to be remembered.
 
Kurt's hologram: Down through the chimney with lots of toys
All for the little ones, girls and boys [reaches to his left for a double-barreled shotgun and waves it around as if marching]
Ho ho ho, who wouldn't go
Yeh-he-he-eah who wouldn't go [loads and cocks the shotgun]
Up on the housetop clickity click click [aims it at his mouth as if to shoot himself]
Down through the chimney with good St. Nick? [waves it around again, then stops]
 
Cartman: Hoh, this should get some comments. [Kurt's hologram fires the rifle and a small flag saying "Merry Christmas" pops out. He grins]
 
Ron: Stand by on camera 4. Boost the live Twitter feed. Aaand cue the hash tag! How are we trending?
 
Controller 1: Trending at 64% and steady.
 
Ron: [on the phone with the producer] We're trending at 64%, sir.
 
Record producer: Excellent. I'm just about to deal with our last order of business now.
 
Kyle: [walks into the restaurant and towards the producer with Stan] Thanks for seeing us, sir. My friend is really worried about his dad.
 
Record producer: No no, thank you! [wipes his lips clean] If you hadn't called, I... wouldn't know what I know now. [gets up and walks towards the bar, dialing a number in the process]
 
Stan: Um, l-look ih if I could just talk to him real quick? I wanna try and stop him from making an ass of himself again.
 
Record producer: It's me. I've got somethin' you might be interested in.
 
Randy: [on the line in the master bedroom] I don't think so, you son of a bitch! [Sharon and Michael's hologram are also there]
 
Record producer: I've got your son here, Lorde. If you don't cooperate, he dies.
 
Stan: What?? [both he and Kyle are scared]
 
Randy: Stanley?! YOU LEAVE HIM OUT OF THIS!
 
Sharon: Randy, where are you going?!
 
Randy: THEY'VE GOT STAN! JUST STAY HERE WITH MICHAEL JACKSON! [just as he reaches the front door, it opens and Tupac's hologram walks in] SHIT!! [runs to the back door.]
 
Det. Harris: [on his bullhorn] All right, listen up! We believe this is where the black people are! They're holograms, so we can't choke them or shoot them, so stand by till we figure out what the hell to do!
 
Officer 5: [runs up] Sir! You'd better see this! [holds out a phone, which Detective Harris looks at] There's something new trending! #copscantgoaroundchokingblackpeople.
 
Det. Harris: We know we can't, but we're trying to! Jesus, tell them we're working on it!
 
Officer 6: No, sir, I I think they mean we shouldn't. Like we're racist or something.
 
Det. Harris: What?! We're not racists.
 
Peterson: Sir, we've got confirmation. There's two black guys in the upstairs of the house!
 
Det. Harris: [turns around anticipating another joke] Uh huh, go ahead.
 
Peterson: Two black guys. One of them is threatening the other one.
 
Det. Harris: Yehah? Hang on! Mitch! [Mitchell appears again] Two black guys in the upstairs of the house. One of them is threatening the other one. [to Peterson] Okay, go ahead.
 
Announcer: And now, together at last, Iggy Azalea and Elvis. [Elvis' hologram is playing the ukulele]
 
Cartman: Oh bros, weak!
 
Elvis' Hologram: Have a jolly holly Christmas
 
Iggy's Ass: It's the best time of the pfffffffft.
 
Elvis' Hologram: I don't know if there'll be snow
but have a cup of
 
Iggy's Ass: Pfffffffft
 
Cartman: Oh weak, bros, so weak!
 
Controller 2: It's incredible! I've never seen trending like this!
 
Ron: [turns around] We're trending well?
 
Controller 1: We're barely trending at all. But #ihatecartmanbrah is trending off the charts!
 
Controller 2: He's right. ihatecartmanbrah is trending at 96% and climbing.
 
Ron: That's impossible.
 
Kyle: How can you be willing to kill people for a holiday special? What's wrong with you?
 
Record producer: It was five years ago that I... became a grandpa. At first it was wonderful. I wanted to show my grandson everything. Teach him all about the entertainment business. One day I aasked him, "Who's your favorite celebrity?" You know what he said to me? He said, "PeewwDiePie." I had no idea who [turns around] he was talking about. So I looked it up. And he was this insignificant little game blogger from Sweden who my grandson thought was a god! No matter who else I tried to impress him with, he would just say, "Meh." To me! MEH! [turns back to the bar] What the hell is wrong with these kids today?? With this special, we will assimilate this generation's culture into ours! MAKE THEM APPRECIATE REAL ENTERTAINMENT, DAMNIT! [pounds theh bar with his fist]
 
Stan: Dude. You're such a grandpa.
 
Record producer: [angrily clears everything off the bar] I AM NOT A GRANDPAAA!
 
Taylor: Well I guess it's time to leave.
 
Bill's hologram: Oh but it's snowin' out dere.
 
Taylor: Yeah but I need to get home.
 
Bill's hologram: But it's snowin' out dere.
 
Taylor: I really should go
 
Bill's hologram: Oh what's the hurry?
 
Taylor: Say, what's in this drink?'
 
Bill's hologram: That's just some J-E-L-L-O.
 
Taylor: The holidays are comin'-
 
Dad: This is the oddest holiday special I've ever seen.
 
Mom: Maybe we should turn it off.
 
Cartman: [his commenter window appears] Oh wow, where are we now, brahs? [the family looks at him] This looks pretty stupid.
 
Dad: What the heck? [tries to turn the TV off, but it won't turn off]
 
Cartman: CartmaanBrah!
 
Dad: [smacks the remote on his left hand a few times] This damn TV! What is that window doing outside the holiday special?! [tries turning the TV off again]
 
Mom: Call customer service.
 
Steve: Panasonic customer service. How can I help you?
 
Dad: Yeah, we've got a commenter window in our living room. How do I get rid of that?
 
Steve: Ohhhh yes yes yes yes. Many people are calling about this. We have NO idea what's going on. Have I answered all your questions in a timely manner?
 
Cartman: [his commenter window appears] Oho, looks like we've reached customer service, brahs. Now we can truly be everywhere!
 
Ron: This isn't part of the holiday special! What is he doing?!
 
Controller 2: He's trending more than we ever thought possible.!
 
Cartman: [his commenter window appears] Yes, with every passing second I become more powerful.
 
Det. Harris: [laughing with them] Okay! Okay, okay okay okay. Go ahead.
 
Peterson: So, then, the first black guy said to the second black guy, "Don't shoot me. I'm on your side."
 
Det. Harris: Okay! Okay. Okay. Hold on. [catches his breath] Okay, go ahead.
 
Peterson: And then the, the the tattooed black guy said, to him, "I ain't gonna kill you, man. You're the King of Pop. Let's go cap that whitey producer."
 
Det. Harris: Oh God! Stop! Stop! Stop!
 
Cartman: [his commenter window appears] Happy holidays, everyone! [the cops stop laughing and look at the window] Enjoy the rest of your lives with CartmanBrah.
 
Record producer: Damn it, you're ruining the show!
 
Cartman: Of course I am. This isn't about you. This is about CartmanBrah, brah.
 
Kyle: I am so confused.
 
Record producer: [to Ron] Shut him down!
 
Ron: We can't, sir!
 
Cartman: I am trending so much that soon I will reach... trendscendence. Like Johnny Depp, but cool.
 
Stephen: I'm confused. Why this holiday special and what is it?
 
Cartman: It's all CartmanBrah now. [a shot of Times Square. Cartman's image replaces everything else on the screens there] I am trending into something more than human. I am becoming... transgender. [a shot of the Times Square crowd, looking at the screens in disbelief] Now they will HAVE to give my my own bathroom!
 
Record producer: This is not what I hired you for! I CONTROL TALENT, DAMNIT!
 
MJ's hologram: [bursts through the doors with Tupac's hologram] There he is! That's the ignorant man!
 
Record producer: This is crazy and everyone is watching everything!
 
Kyle: [thinking aloud] Everyone is watching everything. [turns right and walks up to a camera] Ike? [switch to Ike's room] Ike, if you can hear me, I'm sorry. I have been a grandpa. [Ike's friends look at the monitor] I didn't understand the things you are into and I and I thought you should like the same stuff that I did. [Michael's hologram walks up to the record producer and shoots him in the head, killing him] I have to accept that you're gonna have your own things. I just didn't want you to watch HIM. I just... I just wanna be a family again.
 
Kid 4: Oh, I feel bad for the little guy.
 
Conner: There's nothing sadder than a old man crying.
 
Kid 3: Maybe we should help
 
Ike: Yeah!
 
Kid 2: Okay.
 
Kyle: Help? How can you help?
 
Kid 2: It's the holiday season. We just need to get everyone to believe again.
 
Conner: Yeah, someone can come change all this. You know who.
 
Kyle: Really? That's what you guys would do?
 
Conner: Of course! We just need to get everyone to believe in him. He'll always come and help. #webelieveinyou
 
Kyle: Oh my God, you're right! You're totally right!! EVERYONE! GET A NEW TREND GOING! FAST! #webelieveinyou!
 
MJ's hologram: We believe in you. Of course!
 
Kyle: [walks ever closer to the camera] You too! Right now! #webelieveinyou! We've got to make him appear! [the signal is now disrupted]
 
Cartman: Hey! What's going on? What is that? [amid some special effects of snow and holly popping out of the upper right corner of screens everywhere, PewDiePie's commenter window appears]
 
PewDiePie: How's it goin' bros? This is [goes fullscreen]PewDiePie!
 
Cartman: What the hell?!
 
Kids: PewDiePie!
 
Kyle: PewDiePie?!
 
PewDiePie: Thanks for all the shoutouts. I guess there's some little fat kid trying to be me, so let's check it out.
 
Cartman: Ey! Get out of here, PewDiePie! This is MY holiday special!
 
PewDiePie: [mocking Cartman] God damn it, get out of here!
 
Cartman: Uh, everyone, tweet now if you wanna get rid of PewDiePie!
 
PewDiePie: This show is getting kind of boring, bros. What do you say we change it out to something more exciting?
 
Cartman: Please show your support for CartmanBrah brah right now by uh...
 
PewDiePie: I know! Let's play Call of Duty! [the game pops up fullscreen and the commenter windows switch places]
 
Cartman: No! You can't do this!
 
PewDiePie: Ohhh yeah! This is more like it, bros!
 
Cartman: God damn it, who the hell do you think you are?! If you don't stop right now-!
 
PewDiePie: Okay, that little fat kid is getting annoying. Let's get rid of him!
 
Cartman: NOOOO! [his commenter window disappears, as well as the holiday special]
 
PewDiePie: Oh yeah! Way better, bros! This is how we do it in Sweden! BOOM head shot! BOOM head shot!
 
Kyle: Well, I finally got my family to use the living room for an hour each night.
 
Stan: I'm still really confused, dude. I have no idea what that was about.
 
Kyle: Yeah. I guess that's the point. I don't think we're gonna understand. Maybe this IS all the beginning of a new art form. YouTube celebrities are only getting bigger. And what's great is that these people are inventing themselves, instead of being marketed and shoved down our throats.
 
Stan: Yeah.
 
Kyle: No matter what we think, it's not just a passing trend. We need to realize that the new generation of entertainment is here. [notices PewDiePie's commenter window pop up to his right and above] And I, think that's great.
 
Stan: Yeah, I think that's great too.
 
PewDiePie: Alright bros, it look like we'll have to end it there. I wanna thank South Park for being in my show. I hope you bros enjoyed watching, and as always, stay awesome!
[over the end credits] Oh! That's it bros. Show's over.
 
End of the episode. 
 

 
 
Episode - #REHASH 
 
 
 
Gerald: There you are, Kyle. I was gonna see if you and your brother wanted to go down to the bowling alley.
 
Kyle: Nono Dad, please. I just got Call Of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Me and Ike are going to play it together.
 
Gerald: It's your day off. You boys really wanna spend it inside in front of the TV?
 
Kyle: Please Dad, I've been looking forward to this all week. Aaand it's me and Ike's bonding time. Really. This is good for our relationship.
 
Gerald: All right. [Kyle smiles, Gerald heads back to the kitchen] I swear I'll never understand you kids these days.
 
Kyle: Yes! [runs upstairs smiling.]
 
Kyle: Heeey Ike! Look what I got. [Ike looks over his shoulder] The new Call Of Duty! Do you wanna go downstairs and play?
 
PewDiePie: [on the monitor] Aww, look at all the bright colors.
 
Ike: ...Meh. [goes back to watching the monitor and eating his Cheetos]
 
Kyle: Meh? Ike, we have a whole day to play XBox! Mom and Dad are leaving!
 
Ike: Maybe later, 'kay?
 
Kyle: [walks up to Ike] Well what are you watching?
 
PewDiePie: How's it goin' bros? My name's PewDiePie. I'm playing Call Of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Here we go. [breaks through a door and is met with gunfire] Agh! People are shooting at me, bros!
 
Kyle: You're watching someone play Call Of Duty and talk about it?
 
Ike: [claps] PewDiePie!
 
PewDiePie: There's lots of bullet! And I've gotta run! RUN FOR THE BUNKER! RUUUUN!
 
Kyle: Ike, we could go play the game downstairs. Isn't that better than watching some guy on YouTube playing it?
 
PewDiePie: Alright, I hope that's enough.
 
Ike: Meh.
 
PewDiePie: Uh, like I said, um... Look at this. Look at this. Ooohhh, gigrrig! [fires away at will]
 
Kyle: Dude, I'm telling you. It's crazy. All my little brother wants to do is sit on YouTube watching this PewDiePie play video games. I swear, I don't understand kids these days.
 
Butters: What's a PewDiePie do?
 
Kyle: Google him. He's this guy from Sweden who has over 30 million YouTube subscribers. We didn't even know, but he's a bigger celebrity to kids than anyone. It just seems so lame.
 
Cartman: He plays video games and makes millions of dollars, and it's lame how?
 
Kyle: Because- because that's not even entertainment! I mean, it's just, just, rehashing shit, isn't it?? It's like everything these kids are into these days, you know, it's just... rehashed shit!
 
Announcer: This Saturday, at the Pepsi Center, it's Women of Rock! Miley Cyrus, Iggy Azalea, Nicki Minaj, and Lorde! [Randy] All on one stage, on one night! With a special appearance by Michael Jackson's Hologram!
 
MJ Hologram: Hee hee!
 
Announcer: Ticket proceeds help fight the gluten crisis in West Africa! It's a night of pure, pure estrogen! Tickets on sale now! [TeleChargeIt and TicketMastering info go up]
 
Randy: Yeah, it's me. I told you I can't play the concert!
 
Record producer: Come on, this is a great lineup.
 
Randy: Look, I do a lot of post-production enhancements to make my music sound the way it does, okay? I feel like if I play live I'm... really gonna disappoint people. I'm sorry, but the answer is no.
 
Record producer: I don't think you're really in a position to turn down this kind of gig.
 
Randy: What is that supposed to mean?
 
Record producer: I understand your son gave all your savings to Canada.
 
Randy: Yes, Freemium gaming.
 
Record producer: I'm sorry. Freemium gaming destroys lives. I lost my father to Candy Crush. [Randy sighs] You need this, Lorde. And the girls out there need you. You've got till tomorrow to think it over. [hangs up. Randy ends the call]
 
Randy: I love Candy Crush.
 
Kyle: All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.
 
Stan: I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.
 
Kyle: I know! But that doesn't matter any more! These kids don't wanna play the game, they just wanna watch people on YouTube play it. And you know why? Commentary.
 
Kenny: (Commentary?)
 
Kyle: Yeah. You used to sit in the living room with family and friends to hear their commentary on things. Now you can get it with a little guy in a window on the screen. Someone who just comments on stuff. I mean, really? Who would even WANT to do that?! [Cartman eyes his phone with Stan and Kenny look at Kyle]
 
Cartman: Hey bros, what's going on? This is CartmaaanBrah! Be sure to subscribe to my channel if you haven't already, 'cause subscribing makes you feel good! Uhh, so today I'm gonna comment on Call Of Duty. More specifically, I'm going to comment on my friends commenting on Call Of Duty, so let's start. [a recording of the earlier conversation plays]
 
Kyle: All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.
 
Cartman: That's Kyle the Jew again, talking about Call Of Duty to Stan.
 
Stan: I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.
 
Cartman: [reaches for some chips and eat them, chuckles, then] Stan is such a douchebag. He just agrees with Kyle no matter what.
 
Kyle: I know! But that doesn't matter any more! These kids don't wanna play the game, they just wanna watch people on YouTube play it.
 
Kenny: (Commentary?)
 
Cartman: There's Kenny commenting on Call of Duty. Kenny! Kenny! SPEAK UP!! SPEAK THROUGH THE HOOD KENNY!
 
Kyle: Yeah. You used to sit in the living room with family and friends to hear their commentary on things. Now you can get it with a l-
 
Shelly: Mom, Dad, Kelly and Stacy are going to the Women of Rock concert! Can I go with them?! [anxiously waits for an answer]
 
Sharon: I don't know, Shelly.
 
Shelly: But Mom, Lorde is playing! You can't not let me go or I'll hate you forever! [Randy and Sharon turn around]
 
Randy: Shelly, there's a good chance Lorde isn't goin' to show up.
 
Shelly: She will too! She has to show up, and if I don't get to see her I'm gonna kill myself!
 
Randy: And what if you go and Lorde doesn't sound that great in person?
 
Shelly: That doesn't matter, Dad! We love Lorde because she's real! Gosh, you guys don't understand anything!
 
Randy: You know, I think Lorde is going to play tomorrow.
 
Shelly: So can I go or not?!
 
Randy: If she means that much to you.
 
Shelly: Okay, yay, thanks, love you guys. [smiles and walks away]
 
Sharon: Sooo you're doing it? [smiles]
 
Randy: How can I let her down? Do you mind finishing up here? I think I should practice a little.
 
Sharon: Of course not. [Randy walks away and out of earshot] Anything to keep you away from cock magic.
 
Cartman: Uhh, so today I'm gonna comment on Call Of Duty.
 
Kyle: [goes into the room] Hey Ike, you wanna come watch TV with me?
 
Cartman: More specifically, I'm going to comment on my friends commenting on Call Of Duty, so let's start.
 
Kyle: Oh no! No, Ike! You are not watching him comment on things!
 
Kyle: All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.
 
Cartman: That's Kyle the Jew again, talking about Call Of Duty to Stan.
 
Kyle: [approaches the monitor] What the fuck?!
 
Stan: I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.
 
Cartman: [reaches for some chips and eat them, chuckles, then] Stan is such a douchebag. He just agrees with Kyle no matter what.
 
Kyle: Ike, that is enough! If you're interested in Call of Duty, go play it downstairs in the living room!
 
Cartman: God these guys are so annoying, aren't they? CartmaaanBrah!
 
Kyle: But that's all that matter now! It's just all ... and the new celebrity?
 
Ike: CartmaaanBrah!
 
Kyle: What do you think you're doing?!
 
Cartman: Shooting for a D in a game of Horsedick.
 
Kyle: You know what I mean! Why is my little brother watching you talking about us talking about him?!
 
Cartman: I have a YouTube blog where I comment on video games. Big whoop.
 
Kyle: I don't need Ike listening to you comment on anything!
 
Stan: What are you talking about?
 
Kyle: This fat fuck thinks he's PewDiePie! Because of him I can't get Ike to come out of his room!
 
Cartman: Because of me?! I'm pretty sure I'm not the person who invented "Let's Plays", Kyle.
 
Kyle: "Let's Plays"?
 
Cartman: That's what they're called, dude. Get with the times. [turns to the basket and takes his shot. Kyle looks away and down]
 
Miley Cyrus: There's a party going on and it's all right here, yehhhehehah!
Throw my hands in the air while I'm twerkin' this chair
There's a party going on and it's all right here, yehhhehehah!
And I'm movin' my hands while I'm shakin' my tits.
 
Stagehand: Alright guys, uh, Miley's about to finish up her set. So next we'll need you, Nicki Minaj, then Iggy Azalea who'll be performing with a hologram of Michael Jackson, and then finally you, Lorde. [walks out of the dressing room backwards] Have a great show, ladies.
 
Randy: Hey uh, listen, I, I thought I could do this, but it's not gonna work.
 
Record producer: You're nervous, it's understandable.
 
Randy: No I'm eh... I know for a fact that I don't sound the same live.
 
Record producer: You think those people out there care what you sound like? You're just another female pop star. Just go out there, pump your hips and rub your clit.
 
Randy: Hey! That's not what my music is about! I'm not reducing myself to that!
 
Iggy: Oh fuck you, Lorde! You think you're so much better than everyone!
 
Randy: No, I don't, Iggy. I just think that our younger girl fans need something a little more positive as role models.
 
Iggy: That's easy for you to say because YOU don't have a nice body! Is that why you're so high and mighty, Lorde?! Because you're jealous of this booty?!
 
Randy: Iggs, I really don't care to go through this again with you.
 
Iggy: 'Cause let's face it! You got legs that look like a horse!
 
Randy: Fuck you! [they start fighting and break through a table full of finger food and drinks]
 
Record producer: Alright that's enough! [breaks up the scuffle and separates the two artists] Look at yourselves!
 
Iggy: You're an internet bullshit artist, Lorde!
 
Stan: Hey, what's up?
 
Kyle: You're not gonna believe this.
 
Stan: Oh no, what now?
 
Kyle: I wanted to get Ike out of his room, so I invited all his friends over for a slumber party to play Dragon Age: Inquisition.
 
Stan: Yeah?
 
Kyle: Come on! [leads Stan upstairs]
 
PewDiePie: [giggling] He's just laying there.
 
Kyle: See? Look at this. Ike has all his friends over and they're just sitting around on their own computers barely talking to each other. Ike is watching PewDiePie play Dragon Age.
 
PewDiePie: I'm going "Dun dun dadadun dun dadadun."
 
Kids: [in unison] PewDiePie!
 
Kyle: And this kid is watching Cartman commenting on people commenting on Dragon Age.
 
Butters: Well it's a really great game. The characters are so rich.
 
Cartman: Butters is such a butthole, oh my God! CartmaaanBrah!
 
Kids: CartmanBrah!
 
Stan: Dude, video games are meant to be played in a living room, not something to watch people comment on!
 
Conner: Okay Grandpa, we'll be sure to keep that in mind. [the kids laugh]
 
Stan: Grandpa?
 
Kyle: This is how they talk to us! [to Conner] You'd better watch your mouth, kid!
 
Kid 1: Yeah Conner, we're supposed to respect our elders, remember?
 
Kid 2: It's best to just make old people think they matter.
 
Stan: Oh, is that right?! Do you even know how to multiply?!
 
Kid 2: No sir. Thank goodness we have you to do that. [Ike laughs at PewDiePie's gameplay]
 
Stan: We're not being grandpas! Your guys's stuff is just seriously lame! Our generation's stuff is cool!
 
PewDiePie: Oh my God I killed him!
 
Iggy: Missy who who?
That's all I do is rip off Missy.
Missy who?
Missy who? Missy who? Missy who, who? Missy who, who?

Alright bitches and hos, via hologram and shit, Michael Jackson! [two men from the Syntech Hologram Company get ready]
 
Tech 1: And, cue the hologram! [a bunch of special lights come on and produce the hologram, and the hologram performs Michael's signature moves. The crowd goes wild as Michael's music plays. The hologram moonwalks like Michael did]
 
MJ Hologram: Hee hee. [as the crowd roars, Iggy starts twerking to the hologram]
 
Randy: They shouldn't rehash dead people. It's so wrong.
 
Nicki: Oh Lorde, you're such a purist.
 
Randy: Can't help it, Nick. Can't help feeling like... we're losing something.
 
Wendy: Hi everybody. I love you!
 
Audience: Thanks for loving me. I love you too.
 
Wendy: So I guess there's this new trend with young people where the celebrities they look up to most are YouTube commentators. Just ordinary people who sit in front of a mic and blab their opinions about everything while their mindless loyal followers cheer them on. Isn't that crazy?? [the audience cheers in agreement] Well let's meet one of these stars of the internet. Please welcome CartmanBrah! [Instead of Cartman himself appearing on the couch, Cartman's commenter window pops up - he's doing this via satellite]
 
Cartman: CartmaaanBrah!
 
Wendy: So can you explain to our audience members over the age of five what it is that you DO?
 
Cartman: Well, Wendy, I started by talking about people talking about video games, but now I'm branching out into talking about people talking about music and the arts as well.
 
Wendy: And why do you think young people-?
 
Cartman: CartmaaanBrah!
 
Wendy: ...Why do you think young people are responding to this? [Cartman mocks the question by asking it back in nonsense syllables] I'm asking you a question! [Cartman continues with the nonsense replies]
 
Cartman: CartmaaanBrah! CartmanBrah! Be sure to subscribe to my channel, brahs.
 
MC: And now, give it up for the girl from New Zealand, LORDE!
 
Randy: Thank you! Thanks a lot! This is for all the royals out there! [begins playing an acoustic guitar. Shelly is in the audience with Kelly and Stacy] Lorde Looorde. I'm Lorde, ya ya ya-a-a. Sittin' on the toilet thinkin' 'bout how I'm not as rich as other people, ya ya ya. [the cheering dies down] Yaa ya ya ya, I'll never be, I'll never by royalty. Ya ya ya. But that'd be nice 'cause that'd be a nice fantaasy. [the mood of the audience begins to change] Women's bathrooms smell so nice, ya ya ya. Ya ya ya. [the audience begins to boo] And we'll never be- Lorde Lorde Lor- Lorde flushing- Lordy Lordy Lorde. Lor-uh, okay, uh. [turns right and the mic falls to the ground] Oh God. Sorry. [bends over to pick up the mic...] Uh hold on.[...but drops the guitar instead. The boos intensify] Hang on, uh. [to bail Lorde out of this mess, the technicians bring Michael's hologram back to the stage]
 
MJ Hologram: Hee hee. [the hologram runs through the audience] I'm free! I'm free!
 
Randy: [dusts himself off] Sorry folks, just one second here.
 
MJ Hologram: Hee hee. Dah dadit dat ja!
 
Guard 1: Stop him. [another guard tries to grab the hologram, but realizes it can't be done. The hologram leaves the Center. The guards run out after it, and a guard guard gets on his walkie-talkie]
 
Guard 1: Michael Jackson's hologram is on the loose!
 
MJ Hologram: [leaving the parking area] Hee hee!
 
Randy: Ah ya ya. Okay, uh. Ah ya ya ya ya-a-a-a. [the boos don't stop, and Randy's vision becomes prismatic] Okay, uh, uh... [steps aside and begins to simulate rubbing his "clit"] Oooo![hops onto the car on stage and continues the simulation] Oh yeah! Oh my clit! Oh yeah! Oooo yeah, flick that bean, yeah! [the boos are replaced by disgust. Shelly and friends are disappointed]
 
Fan: Ogh! Lorde, ewww!
 
Randy: Oh, I'm so horny, yeah! Ooo, fuck, my clit's so big! Oooo! [fans begin to walk out of the concert]
 
Randy: Could you um, pass the potatoes, Stan? [Stan reaches to his left and passes the potatoes to Randy] Great, thanks. [serves himself some potatoes] Well, nobody's talking. Does anyone have anything to talk about?
 
Stan: Why'd you have to rub your clit on stage, Dad?
 
Randy: I was told to!
 
Sharon: You were told to walk out in front of a hundred thousand people including little girls who look up to you, and start rubbing your clit.
 
Randy: Okay, hold on! A, I don't have a clit, so technically, I wasn't rubbing anything! And B, I didn't want to even perform tonight, but Stanley gave all our money to Canada through a freemium game, so if anyone rubbed their clit, it was him! [Stan hisses and leaves the table. Sharon just leaves. Some time later, Randy drops in on Shelly in her room and sees her crying on her bed, face down. He then notices that the Lorde poster on the wall is in tatters and ripped in half. Randy leaves and closes the door softly]
 
Kyle: It's dying. The living room is... dying.
 
Randy: Yeah, it's me. I need to fix this. How can I undo the clit-rubbing?
 
Record producer: What are you talking about? It's great! You're the most commented-on artist in the world right now! You're blowing up twitter and you're trending on CartmanBrah. #clitnubbin
 
Randy: Look, this isn't what I want! My music is supposed to be-
 
Record producer: It's not about the music, Lorde! It never was. It's about comments! And sister, you've got 'em!
 
Randy: This ends now. I'm gonna tell people the truth.
 
Passenger: Will you look at that? Everyone on their cell phones, nobody sayin' a word to each other. Call me a grandpa, but I still like commenting face to face with folks. You know what I mean, buddy?
 
MJ Hologram: Yes.
 
Passenger: You're headin' up to the mountains too, huh? Gonna do some skiin'?
 
MJ Hologram: No, I just need to... take care of some im-, important business.
 
Passenger: Oh, what kind of business? Oh are you a fisherman?
 
MJ Hologram: Yes. I mean, yes, that's all. I'm, I'm just gonna fish and hunt.
 
Passenger: Oh, you're a hunter? What do you prey upon?
 
MJ Hologram: [stands up] Nobody! That's ignorant!
 
Passenger: Well, you must have a favorite kind of prey?
 
MJ Hologram: Allegedly! Allegedly! That's ignorant!
 
Passenger: You know, excuse me for saying so, but you seem kind of... transparent.
 
MJ Hologram: ...That's ignorant. I'm just cold.
 
Passenger: I'm saying it must make it easier to sneak up on your prey.
 
MJ Hologram: Allegedly! I'm weary of this conversation! Can we please stop talking, please?! Ignorant!
 
Passenger: [looks him over] Well, whatever it is you're after, I hope you get it.
 
MJ Hologram: Oh I will. Trust me, I will. [The bus enters South Park.]
 
Tech 2: Ah, we've lost any ability to track the hologram's location. Ih...it looks like it reprogrammed its guidance systems.
 
Record producer: We paid a lot of money for that hologram. You'd better find a way to get it back!
 
Tech 3: Project Alpha?
 
Tech 4: Yes. That might be our only option.
 
Record producer: What is Project Alpha?
 
Tech 4: The first hologram we ever created to appear on stage. It was a prototype. But perhaps the best thing to stop a hologram-
 
Tech 3: Is another hologram. Bring up Project Alpha!
 
Tech 2: Sir, are you sure that we wanna-?
 
Tech 3: Bring it up! [Tech 2 gets to work. Everyone turns around and watches as the hologram is assembled]
 
Record producer: What is that?
 
Tech 3: Tupac.
 
Tech 4: [approaches the hologram] Tupac? [the hologram is activated] Yo. The hologram of Michael Jackson is on the loose. We need you to "take care of the situation." [the hologram takes out a Glock hologram and cocks it, then he walks forward, then turns left and walks out]
 
Tech 3: Godspeed, Tupac.
 
Man: Oh my gosh, honey look it's Tupac! I told you them homies didn't cap his ass! [Tupac opens the driver's door, pulls the driver out and throws him to the ground, then gets into the driver's seat and takes off with the car and driver's wife. The driver gets up and pulls out his phone] Oh, this is going on Instagram! [takes the picture]
 
Cartman: Hey hey, how's it going, bros? This is CartmanBrah. CartmaaanBrah. And uhh, we are, it looks like we are at the bus stop now. [the other three boys walk into view] Yep, there's Kyle, Stan and Kenny looking stupid as ever.
 
Kyle: I don't know what the hell to do. The whole world's gone crazy.
 
Stan: Tell me about it.
 
Cartman: Uh oh, it looks like Kyle is taking issue with something again. Kyle's got a pro-blem. CartmanBrah!
 
Kyle: You know, you used to sit in the living room with your friends and family, and THEY were the ones commenting on whatever was on TV.
 
Cartman: [exasperated] Oh God.
 
Kyle: [notices the commenter window above the bus stop sign] Do you mind?!
 
Cartman: Oh, looks like Kyle is commenting on my commenter window, bras! Be sure to comment on that. #kyleisgettingfrustrated
 
Kyle: Dude! Nobody wants to hear you commenting on things!
 
Cartman: Oh really. Ten thousand subscribers and counting, brah!
 
Randy: Thanks for seeing me. I've got my speech written. I'm ready to let the world know the truth. [the producer puts down his fork and wipes his lips off with a napkin.]
 
Record producer: Sit down, Lorde.
 
Randy: I'm not interested in being talked out of ending this. It's the right thing to do.
 
Record producer: [stands up and walks to a nearby bar] Do you know what an artist is now, Lorde? An artist is a conversation piece, nothing more. [pours himself a drink] Like a vase, or a kitschy side table. Just something for people to comment on. [turns around] The old ways are dying. We're not making money off records, we're making money off tweets. And you've taken it to a whole new level.
 
Randy: Well that's not a world Lorde ever wanted to be a part of.
 
Record producer: On the contrary. Lorde is going on the Jimmy Fallon show tonight and exposing her asshole for everyone to freak out about.
 
Randy: I'll do no such thing!
 
Record producer: Who said anything about you? [whips out a small remote control and presses a button on it. Some lasers turn on and assemble a new hologram. It's Lorde's hologram. It walks up to the producer and stands beside him. Randy is frightened and takes several steps back. Two bodyguards appear behind him, and he notices. The producer closes the blinds]
 
Randy: You can't just replace artists with holograms. Who will make the content?
 
Record producer: Today, commentary IS the content. And you, I'm afraid, are just in the way. [the bodyguards quickly escort him out]
 
Mr. Garrison: Okay children, let's take our seats. Before we get started, Kyle has asked to say a few words. Go ahead, Kyle.
 
Kyle: [walks up to the front of the class and turns around. He reads from a sheet of paper] What is happening to our living rooms? There is a crisis in America, and-
 
Cartman: [his commenter window pops up] Looks like we're in the school now. Check out Wendy, she's flat as a pancake.
 
Mr. Garrison: What the hell is that?
 
Kyle: It's Cartman's stupid online persona!
 
Cartman: Oh my dick's gettin hard again! It's protrudin' out my paaaaants!
 
Mr. Garrison: What the hell?
 
Cartman: This is the way of the future, Mr. Garrison.
 
Butters: It's true!
 
Cartman: Heh that's right, Butters will back me up on anything. He's such a bitch.
 
Butters: Heheyehah.
 
Kyle: There is a crisis in America! As families grow further and further apart-
 
Cartman: [mocking] There is a crisis in America. and we have to save our living rooms. Our living rooms are dying.
 
Kyle: Mr. Garrison, will you make him stop!
 
Mr. Garrison: I don't- I don't even understand what's happening.
 
Kyle: THIS is the reason why our living rooms are dying!
 
Cartman: [mocking] This is the reason why our living rooms are dying, so we've got to do something.
 
Mr. Mackey: Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office, please? Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office!
 
Cartman: What the hell did I do?
 
Principal Victoria: Eric, I've had a lot of complaints that your online persona is becoming a distraction.
 
Cartman: Well this sucks. Looks like I'm in the principal's office for just commenting on things.
 
Principal Victoria: Eric, I am talking to YOU!
 
Cartman: Adults so don't get what's cool anymore.
 
Randy: Sharon? Sharon!
 
Sharon: [comes down the stairs in her bath robe] Randy? What's going on?
 
Randy: They made a hologram of me, Sharon! They don't care about the music! They're REPLACING us!
 
Sharon: Oh my God! You mean, I just slept with a hologram?
 
Randy: The hologram's in our bedroom?
 
Sharon: Yes!
 
Tupac's Hologram: I've gotta be leavin' now, Sharon. I would leave you my number but I'm just a hologram 'n shit.
 
Randy: You slept with Tupac?! SHARON!
 
Record producer: It's a brave new world, starting much sooner than we thought. What we need is someone who truly gets the changing of the guard. We have an army of holograms poised to start the next chapter in American culture. How would you like to be in charge of it all?
 
Cartman: [in his commenter window] Ohohoh, totally, brah! So sweet. Being in charge of stuff rules! CartmaaanBrah!
 
Record producer: Glad you feel that way. We have a lot to do together. We're about to take this to a whole new level.
 
Cartman: Ooohh, I love whole new levels! This is gonna be so totally awesome! CartmaaanBrah!
 
End of the episode. 
 

 
 
Episode - 1% 
 
 
 
Board rep: Last week the students of this school participated in the Presidential Fitness Test. I'm sad to announce that South Park Elementary scored the lowest in health and fitness in the entire country. [Stan and Kyle look at each other] On the whole, you students actually scored fine. But the President's Fitness Test is scored on a school-wide average, and one fourth grader at this school scored so low, with a terrifying body fat score, [Cartman knows the man is talking about him], and high blood pressure and the cholesterol levels of a seventy-year-old man, that it actually brought you entire school's average down to the lowest in the country. [Cartman yawns] However, the Presidential Fitness Program never wants to single out one child, because then that child might feel bad. And so as far as we're concerned, you're all a bunch of fat fuckin' pigs.
 
Principal Victoria: Ah, could you please use a little different terminology?
 
Board rep: Sorry. As far as the board is concerned, you're all a bunch of fat fuckin' pigs. And so it is the recommendation of this board that every week, each class will alternate turns, giving up their recesses and instead reporting to PE.
 
Assembly: AWWW!
 
Coach: Alright, fourth grade class, you're up first. We're gonna do some rope-climbin'.
 
Stan: God this sucks!
 
Kyle: Four weeks we gotta do this?
 
Cartman: Well let's just suck it up, guys. All we can try to do is have a positive attitude about it. [The other kids are not amused]
 
Coach: Alright McCormick, let's start with you. Climb the rope. [Kenny approaches the rope, jumps up, and starts climbing]
 
Cartman: Heheh! Look at Kenny. He's so poor, huh you guys? His family's so poor they couldn't pay the three ninety nine for the gym outfit. [Kenny climbs down and Kyle approaches]
 
Coach: Alright, let's go Broflovski. [Kyle jumps on and starts climbing]
 
Cartman: Heheheheheh! Look you guys, a Jew on a rope. You know what they call a Jew on a rope?
 
Stan: Alright Cartman, stop ripping on other people to make yourself less embarrassed about the fact that we're all here because of you!
 
Cartman: Hey whoa, we are here because the average score was low. That's about all of us.
 
Stan: Because of you! It's your fault that we have to do this! We have to do this because you're unhealthy!
 
Craig: Yeah. We're paying for your being fat.
 
Cartman: Wow, Craig. I can't believe you just went there. Here we were having a perfectly nice conversation about Kenny being poor and Kyle being a Jew, and you just decided to go 9/11 and bust out the fat quip.
 
Wendy: We ARE here because of you, Eric, so just keep your mouth shut!
 
Cartman: Oh my God! Why doesn't everyone just back off?! I know how this works: You're the 99% ganging up on the 1%!
 
Clyde: Oh grow up.
 
Cartman: Jesus Christ!! The 99% is totally ganging up on me!
 
Stan: That's what we mean by "grow up" dude! Stop being a baby!
 
Craig: Yeah, why don't you go home and cry to your stuffed animals again?! [Cartman gasps]
 
Cartman: Ngh, and then, and then Wendy said that they were the 99% and I was the 1% and that made me not keeeewl.
 
Clyde Frog: But Eric, you are cool.
 
Cartman: I know, Clyde Frog, but now the 99% is saying everything is my faaault.
 
Peter Panda: It's not your fault, Eric. How can they blame you for what is clearly President Obama's fault?
 
Cartman: What do you mean, Peter Panda?
 
Peter Panda: You didn't make that stupid Presidential Fitness Test. Obama did.
 
Polly Prissypants: Yeah, that's right Eric. You don't need to grow up. You are awesome and keeewl.
 
Cartman: Thanks Polly Prissypants. I'm just so scared that all the kids at school are gonna be talkin' about me behind my back.
 
Butters: Ehe, and so then, Skeletor told Terminator he wanted a divorce, and apparently it's all gonna be finalized soon.
 
Stan: Dude, Butters, how many times do we have to go over this? That's not Skeletor, that's a woman named Maria Shriver.
 
Butters: Uh but, then, why does his face look like that? [the doors burst open and Cartman steps in and looks around. No one says a word]
 
Cartman: What? What?! WHAT?! What are you guys talking about? What are you guys doin'—What are you talking about? I knew it! You guys are having a big 99% rally, aren't you?! Occupying the cafeteria?! You wanna know why you guys are all here protesting?! Because you're pissed off, but you actually think it's wrong to be pissed off at a black president, so you're all just pissed off at ME! Well go ahead! Have your little rally to figure out how to stick it to the 1%! See what it gets you! [slams a door, but it doesn't close. Cartman walks out]
 
Butters: Hey, you know? Eric is right. Maybe we should form a 99% club.
 
Jimmy: Yeah. It's not a bad idea. If all the students unite, we can work together to fight the f-f-fit.
 
Fifth Grader: Yeah. The fifth graders agree. We're all being punished for one lazy bitch. Let's make him suffer.
 
Jimmy: All we need is some good old-fashioned di... di... di... diplomacy.
 
Jimmy: Hello sir, we are here on behalf of all fourth graders at South Park Elementary.
 
Board rep: Aahh yes, the Fatty Boombalatty class. How's the extra PE treating you?
 
Butters: Sir, we believe your fitness system is flawed, and that for 99% of us, it is unfair.
 
Board rep: What do you want me to do about it?
 
Jimmy: Well, sir, we believe that the 1% should be dropped from the fitness results, so that our scores can be more accurate.
 
Board rep: [rises from his chair and approaches a chart] 'Fraid that's impossible. The National Fitness Test has very specific standards. No one child can ever be made to feel singled out. We don't even like to use the term "physically fit" anymore because it can make a student feel unphysically fit, and then that student might end up feeling like a total retard.
 
Jimmy: ...Excuse me, can you use a different terminology please?
 
Board rep: A-and then that fourth grader might end up feeling like a total retard.
 
Butters: Sir, all of the students already know who the 1% is.
 
Jimmy: All you're doing is making the other 99% more angry. I warn you: this could turn very ugly.
 
Cartman: Mom, have you been here all day?!
 
Liane: No, sweetie, I've been at the hair salon. Why?
 
Cartman: Somebody's been in my room! [she looks up at him as he goes back to his room. He looks under his things to see if anything is missing. His mom appears at the door] Fucking 99%ers! What did they take?!
 
Liane: Are you sure, sweetie?
 
Cartman: Am I sure?? Look at this place!
 
Liane: But who would want to s-
 
Cartman: [turns around and glares at her] Don't you get it Mom?! People voted for Obama, so now that everything sucks they have to blame me! [goes back to searching his stuff and finds a watch] They didn't take my Stormtrooper watch... [finds a video game] My Arkham City game is still here... what else could they have- [looks at a corner of his room. A chair set apart for Clyde Frog is empty, but his other four dolls are arranged and seated in from of it.] Oh my God. [panicking] Clyde Frog!
 
Liane: What?
 
Cartman: No. [goes to the corner and tosses his dolls aside, then looks up in despair] NOOO! [runs to his closet and looks in there. He doesn't find Clyde Frog in there] CLYDE FROG!! [stops to tell him mom] They took Clyde Frog! [runs out of his room. Liane is confused]
 
Cartman: [calling out and walking around] Clyde Frog! Clyde!? Clyde Frog?! [stops and notices something on a tree. It is Clyde Frog, nailed to a tree through his front paws and forehead. It's ripped all over and cotton pops out of the rips. Under the frog is the word "VENGEANCE" scratched onto the tree bark in red spray paint] Clyde. CLYDE FROG! [throws up]
 
Cartman: I've known Clyde Frog since I was two years old. He was a fighter, a visionary. But most of all, Clyde Frog was the perfect friend. He never said anything. He never had his own ideas about what he wanted to do. He just sat there goin' along with whatever I wanted. A noble trait that seems lost on you 99%ers. [Stan and Kyle are falling asleep. Kyle rests his head on his left hand] And now we live in a world where one of you has decided to become a murderer. Well whoever you are, I'm sure you're sitting there right now, in your little green hat, with your left cheek resting against your hand thinking, "I'm not getting away with this, am I?" Because whoever you are, maybe you still have one little piece of humanity left, covered up and tainted black by years of Jewish propaganda and left-wing lies. Maybe you should just-
 
Kyle: Shut the hell up, Cartman!
 
Cartman: Got something to say Kyle?! [grips the sides of the podium]
 
Kyle: How do you murder a stuffed animal?!
 
Cartman: How do you murder a stuffed animal?! You tell us, Kyle! [stops himself] Butbut but but, but uh but let's not get ahead of ourselves. There's still a biiig investigation to come. And until we prove beyond a reasonable doubt who the killer was, you are all just as guilty as Kyle. Thank you so much. Bagpipes please. [a bagpipe player begins a tune. Two men lower the casket into the ground]
 
Cartman: Fly, fly little dove, to the welcome arms of Christ above. Your tears are finally gone to-
 
Craig: Where's our five dollars?
 
Cartman: Fly bu-what?
 
Craig: It said in the e-mail if we came we each got five dollars.
 
Stan: Yeah.
 
Cartman: [thinks a moment] Five dollars has been donated in each of your names to the Clyde Frog Foundation. Fly fly fly...
 
Class: AWWW! [all the kids get up and leave]
 
Kid 1: Come on!
 
Kid 2: Screw this.
 
Kid 4: Hurry up, screw this.
 
Cartman: Oh fine, go on and leave! I'm gonna find out who did this to Clyde, and I'm gonna have your fuckin' balls! Fly to Christ.
 
Receptionist: Sir? Sir, do you remember the kids from that South Park Elementary School?
 
Board rep: Oh yes, the Boom Boom Chubby Choom Choom school.
 
Receptionist: They're all protesting outside, saying our system isn't fair to the 99% of them.
 
Board rep: [runs to the front door followed by the receptionist] Oh my Jesus! Oh, not a 99% rally.
 
Butters: I sure hope this works.
 
Field reporter 1: [out of nowhere] Tom, I'm reporting from the middle of a protest where two fourth grade students are fed up, and have decided to occupy Red Robin. Occupy Red Robin has been going on for several hours now, and boys, technically I am part of the 99% so, what do I have to say about all this? [no comment from either of the boys]
 
Cartman: Thank you all so much for coming. I realize that Clyde Frog's death is as shocking to all of you as it is to me.
 
Peter Panda: Why would somebody do such a terrible thing?
 
Polly Prissypants: Why would somebody hurt Clyde Frog, Eric? Especially because you are so awesome and keewl.
 
Cartman: I know that I'm awesome and keewl, Polly Prissypants, but it has little relevance at the moment to Clyde Frog's murder!
 
Rumpertumskin: Let's stop the charades, Eric, and let's get down to business.
 
Cartman: What do you mean, Rumpertumskin?
 
Rumpertumskin: We all know who fuckin' killed Clyde Frog, and she's the same dirty slut who's been fucking with us our whole lives!
 
Liane: Eric, sweetie, is everything okay?
 
Polly Prissypants: Does everything look okay?
 
Peter Panda: Sit down, you fucking bitch.
 
Cartman: Yes, sit down, mother. We are all having a tea party.
 
Liane: [takes a seat at the other end of the table] Uh sweetie, I see that you're a little... disturbed right now, but, maybe you can-
 
Polly Prissypants: Shut your fat piehole, bitch!
 
Rumpertumskin: Yeah! You know what you did, skank! You let Clyde Frog get murdered!
 
Liane: No, Rumpertumskin, I didn't. I swear.
 
Muscleman Marc: Then why did you write in your diary "It was probably time for Eric to grow out of his stuffed animals" anyway?!
 
Cartman: That's an excellent point, Muscleman Marc. Please continue.
 
Muscleman Marc: Well, all I'm saying, Eric, is that-
 
Liane: Sweetie, you really can just talk to me if you-
 
Muscleman Marc: ALL I'M SAYING, ERIC, is that you went through your mom's diary for a reason!
 
Liane: Eric, I promise you, I didn't do anything to your favorite toy. Whoever did this to you, I hate them as much as you do, and I'd do anything to get to the bottom of it.
 
Cartman: So then, we are all going to need some... more tea.
 
Sgt. Yates: [on the phone calling for backup] You'd better give me every cop you've got on the South Side! I don't care where ABC parks their truck, as long as it doesn't block the fire trucks! [hangs up and walks to the command center nearby] Jesus, this protest is getting out of hand! Alright, what exactly are we dealing with?
 
Officer 1: It's no good. The protest has quadrupled in size since this morning. As you can see from this aerial photograph, the protest covers almost two square miles. We have right officers here, here, and here. The media has been contained in this area. [next to Red Robin]
 
Sgt. Yates: And where are the actual protesters?
 
Officer 1: Oh, these two people right here. [circles the spot on which Butters and Jimmy stand]
 
Sgt. Yates: How are we gonna contain this ting?!
 
Officer 2: I'm afraid it's about to get worse. You see this area here? This is where we're setting up the stage for Bon Jovi.
 
Sgt. Yates: Bon Jovi?
 
Officer 2: These are good cops! We can't have them standing around for hours without some entertainment! The problem is, with this area blocked by napping tents, we have no place to serve the officers beer.
 
Sgt. Yates: Damnit! Don't these protesters know what this is all heading towards? [steps forward] Full-on class warfare.
 
Cartman: What the hell?! [the flames set his curtains on fire. He sees them next to his bed and stands up on the bed] Mom? Mom, my room is... [turns around and sees Peter Panda and his dresser on fire] AAAH!! PETER PANDA!!
 
Fireman 1: The fire started with this. Definitely a case of arson. Somebody hates this kid.
 
Cartman: [runs up] Don't you touch him! Leave him alone! [swats the doll out of the fireman's hands] Peter Panda!
 
Peter Panda: Eh, Eric.
 
Cartman: Don't try to talk, Peter Panda! You're gonna be okay!
 
Peter Panda: Eric... Remember... [sobbing] Stay... keeewl. [Eric begins bawling. The fireman picks the doll back up]
 
Fireman 2: Sorry kid, we need to take this as evidence.
 
Cartman: [on all limbs] Noohoho! Peter Panda nooo!
 
Female reporter: The 99%ers movement continues to grow as more and more Americans occupy Red Robin. I asked some of the people exactly what they hoped to accomplish. [earlier] And sir, what do you hope to accomplish by this movement?
 
Patron: I like the uh, A1 Peppercorn Burger. And they got ummm, bo-bottomless fries.
 
Female reporter: And as the protesters inside Red Robin unite together, word is that filmmaker Michael Moore has joined the protesters outside.
 
Michael Moore: [through his bull horn] I look at the faces of you protesters and I see the future of America! We are the 99%! YESSS!!
 
Kyle: Hey dude, ah are you the guys messing with Cartman's stuffed animals?
 
Fifth grader: Maybe we are and maybe we aren't. You got any proof?
 
Stan: Well, just... you and your friends were the ones saying Cartman needs to suffer?
 
Fifth grader: That doesn't prove anything. That fat little fuck is finally getting what's coming to him.
 
Kyle: Yeah, but dude, he seriously could have died in that fire.
 
Fifth grader: He's in your class but you don't deal with him! So we are gonna remedy the situation! We've got big plans! Just stay out of our way and let the men handle this! [closes the door. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny turn around to leave.]
 
Liane: Thank you so much for allowing Eric and I to stay here.
 
Bob: Of course. You can't be staying in a home with that much fire damage.
 
Linda: To be honest, we're just a little surprised your son begged you to stay with us. We never knew your son and our son were so close.
 
Liane: I asked little Eric where he would feel safest, and he said with his friend Tolkien.
 
Cartman: This window locks from the inside, right? And this door has a lock on it too? Don't worry Polly Prissypants, you're gonna be safe here. In this day and age, black people are just impervious to being fucked with, so we will be alright.
 
Tolkien: Why are you involving me in this?
 
Cartman: Tolkien, please. You're the only person I can trust. Because in today's time, black people are somehow incapable of doing something wrong.
 
Field reporter 2: Breaking news from the Occupy Red Robin movement. The protesters have decreased in number from two to one, as one of the protesters has apparently splintered off from the group to start a new movement: Occupy the Restroom.
 
Field reporter 1: Tom, Occupy the Restroom has been going on for almost thirty minutes now. Certainly a sign that this country is more divided than ever. These 99%ers are fed up, [backs up to the restroom door] and as a result you can clearly see this restroom is "OCCUPIED." [points to a little window that now reads "OCCUPIED." A second later, a toilet is flushed inside. The door opens and Butters exits zipping his pants up.] Uh, Tom, it looks like the movement is finished, but from the time it took, it must have been a pretty decent-sized movement.
 
Tolkien: [getting irritated] Will you stop changing channels and just pick something?
 
Cartman: What do you wanna watch, Polly Prissypants?
 
Tolkien: This is my room! I'll take the remote from you!
 
Cartman: Muh uh, 'cause I'll tell my mom on you when our parents get home.
 
Tolkien: You're a guest here! Your mom isn't in charge!
 
Cartman: Naw uh, 'cause my house got burned down, so everyone has to feel bad for me. [the alarm sounds. Cartman puts his chips aside and gathers his toys close] What is that? WHAT IS THAT?!
 
Tolkien: That's the alarm; someone's in the backyard.
 
Cartman: What?! Who?!
 
Tolkien: I don't know.
 
Cartman: I thought I was safe here! Stay there guys, I'll be right back! [Tolkien looks out his window, Cartman leaves the bedroom]
 
Cartman: Who's there?! [notices Tolkien coming out behind him] Lock that door behind you, Tolkien. [then shouts at whomever might be there] Black people live here! [some flood lights come on]
 
Tolkien: A motion detector. [Kyle's shadow runs by and Cartman notices it. He gives chase and tackles Kyle]
 
Cartman: Aha! I knew it was you, Kyle!
 
Kyle: It's not me! I'm here to help you, fatass!
 
Cartman: Oh sure!
 
Stan: [walking out from behind a garage] Stop it, Cartman! It's true! We came to keep an eye out. Stephen Tamil said he had something big planned.
 
Cartman: Stephen Tamill? The fifth grader? [looks around] Oh shit! [drops the bat and runs back inside] I told you to lock that door, Tolkien! [runs up to Tolkien's room and searches for his stuffed toys] No. [sees the other four boys come in] Nononono! [grabs Kenny by the throat and shakes him] Where are they Kenny??!!
 
Kenny: [slaps Cartman's hand off] (I don't really know!)
 
Cartman: HAAAAGH! [runs out and closes the door, then locks it and runs off]
 
Stan: Hey! Cartman, what the hell are you doing?!
 
Cartman: [returns] I don't trust any of you assholes! [to his dolls] Where are you sons of bitches?! [leaves]
 
Stephen Tamill: Alright guys. You ready?
 
Classmates: Ready!
 
Stephen Tamill: Here we GO! [he and one of his friends raise their signs, and the three of them march forth]
 
Butters: Hey, what are you fifth graders doing?
 
Stephen Tamill: We are the 83%! We are tired of being punished for the fourth grade class! The fourth grade is stickin' it to the other 83% of the school!
 
Jimmy: Now hold on a second, fellas. If you're the 83%, then our class is only 17%.
 
Butters: Yeah, how can the 17% be sticking it to the 83%?
 
Stephen Tamill: Because your class had Cartman in it, and he's the 1%!
 
Jimmy: But if he's 1% of 17%, then he's .17%.
 
Field reporter 3: This is it. The inevitable has happened at Occupy Red Robin. It is full-on class warfare.
 
Female reporter 2: And now class warfare is breaking out. Apparently it is the fourth grade class versus the fifth grade class.
 
Sgt. Yates: It's here! The class warfare is finally here!
 
Officer 2: Yeeah!
 
Cartman: Hello?? [lightning crackles outside and floods the kitchen in light for a moment] Whoever you are, just give them back! Haven't you done enough to me?! [sees a boiling crock pot, walks up to it and removes the lid. Inside he see the third...]
 
Cartman: Muscleman Marc! AAAAAAAA!! AAAAAAAA!! [more lightning crackles as he runs out of the kitchen.]
 
Cartman: Polly Prissypants! Rumpertumskin! [walks towards the fireplace] Jesus Christ! [over the fireplace he sees Rumpertumskin drawn up by four chains and a bomb wrapped around his neck]
 
Rumpertumskin: Eric! Don't come any closer!
 
Cartman: Who did this to you?!
 
Rumpertumskin: You said you wouldn't let anything happen to us.
 
Cartman: Don't worry, I'll get you down!
 
Rumpertumskin: No Eric, don't come any- [Cartman trips a wire that sets off the bomb, decapitating Rumpertumskin]
 
Cartman: AAAAHAA! AAHAAAA! Rumpertumskin!! RUMPER [begins to cry] Rumpertumskin... WHY? Why did you do this??
 
Polly Prissypants: It's okay, Eric. It's over now. [you can see Cartman actually doing her voice. He expresses shock, then turns around. Polly Prissypants is seated on an armchair with a loaded gun resting against her]
 
Cartman: Polly... Polly Prissypants... You did this?
 
Polly Prissypants: Don't you see? The kids at school were right, Eric. It was time for us to grow up.
 
Cartman: ...You got rid of Clyde Frog... You burned Peter Panda! [Tolkien, Kyle, Stan, and Kenny look down from the second floor]
 
Polly Prissypants: Yes, they're gone. And now we can grow up and be together.
 
Cartman: They were your FRIENDS!
 
Polly Prissypants: They were holding us back! All the kids making fun of you at school, saying you're not keewl! Your stuffed animals all have to be gotten rid of, don't you see?!
 
Bob: Dead-bolted. Tolkien! [knocks twice, then heads for the window] Tolkien, you in there?! [the three adults look in]
 
Cartman: Polly Prissypants, when people find out we did all this, we're gonna get in total trouble!
 
Polly Prissypants: No, I thought of everything! It all happened here so that everyone would think Tolkien did it. All the blame will be on him. And we can live happily ever after.
 
Cartman: There's one problem. [walks up to the doll, takes the gun and walks back to where he was] You say I have to grow up, to get rid of all my dolls. You forget one crucial thing, Polly Prissypants. That nobody would possibly blame Tolkien for all this because in today's day and age you can't blame a black person for anything.
 
Polly Prissypants: Oh no! You're totally right! But I thought my plan was perfect! I failed! I failed you! You have to kill me Eric! So that you don't get blamed!
 
Cartman: Noho! I've lost every stuffed animal; I won't lose you too!
 
Polly Prissypants: It's the only way Eric. You have to do it. Please! I can't live with myself after what I've done. Please, you have to do it Eric.
 
Cartman: [sobs for almost a minute, then aims the gun] Goodbye, Polly Prissypants. I love you.
 
Polly Prissypants: Say "hello" to the sunrise for me. [Cartman cries and looks away as he starts firing at her. First shot is straight through the forehead. He fires twice more as the four boys watch from the second floor, and three more as the Blacks and Ms. Cartman watch from outside. Polly Prissypants has four shots through the head and two more that took out chunks of her cheeks. Cartman cries, having lost the last of his stuffed dolls]
 
Stan: Dude, what the hell?
 
Kyle: We told him to grow up. So he got rid of his stuffed animals.
 
Liane: [apologetic] My little Eric can sometimes be a bit... dramatic. [laughs weakly]
 
Field reporter 3: Occupy Red Robin is over. Class warfare has torn apart the 99% and replaced it with the 30%, the 26%, and even little brackets of 5%s here and there. What does this mean for our country? What does this mean... for me?
 
Officer 2: Hey! Get down to State Street! They're occupying Macaroni Grill!
 
Field reporter 3: Oh hell yeah! I'll occupy me some goat-cheese peppadew peppers! [runs off]
 
End of the episode. 
 

 
 
Episode - 200 
 
 
 
Tour Guide: Our factory works 24/7 to produce candy, and we have over 500 employees. Here you can see where the cocoa is mixed with the sugar and milk.
 
Cartman: Wow, coo'... [snaps a picture] Chocolate rules!
 
Kyle: You should know, fatass.
 
Cartman: AY! I'm not fat, you sneaky Jew!
 
Stan: Oh God, you guys, really? This again? [the students all move to the next spot in the tour]
 
Tour Guide: And here is where all the fudge is put into boxes to be shipped all over the world.
 
Kyle: Kinda like Cartman's dad shipped out on him.
 
Cartman: I have a dad, butthole. My mom is my dad.
 
Stan: You guys, stop! All you're doing is rehashing a bunch of old stuff! [everyone moves on except Butters, who spots something]
 
Butters: Hey, Stan, isn't that Tom Cruise?
 
Stan: Huh? [Tom Cruise is packing fudge into boxes with a hat pulled low over his face] Oh, wow it is! Hey, guys, check it out. Tom Cruise is a fudge packer!
 
Tom Cruise: What did you call me?
 
Cartman: Hey, that is Tom Cruise! [snaps a picture]
 
Butters: How come you're packin' fudge, Mr. Cruise?
 
Tom Cruise: I'm not a fudge packer!
 
Kyle: Dude, you don't have to be ashamed or anything.
 
Tom Cruise: But I'm not a fudge packer! [packs a block of fudge into a box]
 
Stan: Then why are you packing fudge?
 
Tom Cruise: I'm not. I'm a very busy actor. I'm just trying to get away for a week and do some fly fishing! [pushes more fudge into boxes]
 
Stan: Dude, you are in a fudge factory packing fudge.
 
Tom Cruise: Oh, that does it. I will SUE you!
 
Stan: For what?
 
Tom Cruise: You can't just call somebody a fudge packer and get away with it! [Mr. Garrison walks over]
 
Mr. Garrison: Hey, is that fudge packer Tom Cruise?
 
Tom Cruise: That's it! [throws his hat away] I'm suing this entire intolerant town!
 
Stan: But, dude-
 
Tom Cruise: No buts! You wanna to accuse somebody of being a fudgepacker, you're gonna pay the consequences!
 
Tom Cruise: Guys, I want to really thank you all for coming. Shockingly, I've just been slandered once again in the town of South Park, something I know you can all relate to. [all celebrities nod and agree]
 
Tiger Woods: That town just seems to be a hotbed of hatred and lies!
 
Bono: I'm fed up with it. That town suggested that I was made of shit!
 
Tom Cruise: Yeah, well, I was just over there doing some fly fishing and this little boy walks up and calls me a fudge packer! [The celebrities all are shocked and appealed] I know, right? And then other kids in the town and their teacher start joining in. [Sally Struthers is taking up the whole couch, except for the small place of an annoyed Mickey Mouse.]
 
Sally Struthers: South Park, Colorado, is the most racist, insensitive, and bigoted place in this country! [George Lucas holding onto a ball-gagged Indiana Jones]
 
George Lucas: That town thinks they can say whatever they want about people and get away with it!
 
Paris Hilton: If anyone has a gripe against that shithole, it's me! [coughs up some semen, then rubs it on John Travolta's crotch]
 
Tom Cruise: Yeah, well, I say enough. All of us together can put a stop to that slander coming from that town once and for all! No longer will they make snide remarks about whoever they want.
 
All Celebrities: YEAH!
 
Jared Fogle: Hey, Tom, I ate too much Subway. Where's your bathroom?
 
Tom Cruise: Oh, just the door down the hall there, Jared. [Jared opens the door to find a closet] No, no, no, that's a closet. Go down more. [Jared opens another door, which is also a closet.] No, that's a closet too. [Jared opens a door, and once again it is a closet] Nope, Jared, that's a closet too. [Jared opens another door, it is another closet] No. [Jared opens two more doors, both closets] That's a closet... No that- that's a closet too.
 
Principal Victoria: [over the PA system] Stan Marsh to the principal's office. Stan Marsh, come to the principal's office immediately!
 
Kyle: Dude, what did you do?
 
Stan: I have no idea...
 
Randy: You just had to push it, didn't you, Stan? You just had to make fun of Tom Cruise again!
 
Principal Victoria: Did you call him a fudge packer?
 
Stan: Aww... he was packing fudge!
 
Mayor: Little boy, you don't understand how serious this is. Tom Cruise has put together a class-action lawsuit, along with 200 other celebrities!
 
Mr. Mackey: They are going to sue the bejezzus out of this entire town, m'kay!
 
Stan: It wasn't just me. Other kids called him a fudge packer, even Mr. Gar-
 
Principal Victoria: But you started it. Mr. Broflovski, tell him what you told us.
 
Gerald: Stan, a class-action lawsuit means the end of this town. We can't possibly go up against their lawyers!
 
Sgt. Yates: Dammit, Marsh, why couldn't you have just kept your stupid ugly kid in line?!
 
Randy: Hey, don't start blaming me for his looks!
 
Randy: Mr. Cruise, my son is so, so sorry, and he would do anything to take back his hurtful comments.
 
Tom Cruise: That's nice! [punches the button to take away fudge he just packed] I'm still suing you all! Nobody calls me a fudge packer! [pushes fudge into a box]
 
Randy: Yes, it was a terrible mistake. But maybe you could see how, since you do... take fudge and... pack it into a box... [Tom Cruise turns around]
 
Tom Cruise: WHAT?
 
Randy: We-, I-I'm just saying that you are employed currently as a person who... packages...
 
Tom Cruise: I am an actor. I do not pack fudge! [turns around and throws a piece of fudge into a box angrily]
 
Randy: Right, my son just got confused. Because you have a little uniform, and a... hat that says "Fred's Fudge and Candies"... and you are... Look it doesn't matter. Just please withdraw the class-action lawsuit. Nobody in our town will ever call you a fudge packer again. [Tom Cruise sighs and backs away from his fudge packing station]
 
Tom Cruise: Well, there is... one thing that your town could do to... maybe make me forget about this lawsuit.
 
Randy: ANYTHING! Anything you want, Mr. Cruise.
 
Tom Cruise: It's just that there's somebody that I have always wanted to meet... face to face. If you could get him to show up in your town-
 
Randy: Sure! Who is it? We can get anybody for you.
 
Tom Cruise: Muhammad. The prophet of the Muslim faith.
 
Stan: Ooooooo...
 
Randy: That's... tricky...
 
Tom Cruise: Well, then you can just get sued! [Returns to packing fudge]
 
Randy: Mr. Cruise, if there is anybody else we could bring to town, we-
 
Tom Cruise: No! Just him. You get Muhammad to appear in South Park, or your little town is DONE!
 
Randy: Okay, people, I know, I know. But he will get the other celebrities to withdraw their lawsuit if we just... get Muhammad to appear in South Park.
 
Mr. Garrison: Are you nuts? If Muhammad appears in South Park, we get bombed! [audience shouts in agreement]
 
Stephen: We don't know that. Maybe enough time has passed, and now it's now OKAY to show Muhammad.
 
Kyle: [to Tolkien] Dude, I can't believe we are dealing with this Muhammad thing again.
 
Mr. Mackey: But even if it were safe for Muhammad come, how would we ever find him?
 
Sgt. Yates: Yeah, showing an image of him is completely off limits and censored, so nobody has seen what Muhammad looks like. [shows the whole audience. Stan in the middle raises his hand]
 
Stan: I saw him once. [everyone turns towards Stan]
 
McDaniels: [steps forward] You did?
 
Stan: Yeah, a while ago, my friends joined David Blaine's cult, and I had to go to the Super Best Friends to rescue them, Muhammad was one of the Super Best Friends.
 
Mr. Garrison: Oh, and what- he was just out in the open where everybody could see him and nobody got bombed?
 
Stan: No, dude, it was totally fine.
 
Sgt. Yates: Muhammad showed up and there was no violence at all?
 
Stan: Well, a giant John Wilkes Booth shot Abraham Lincoln...
 
Randy: Alright, Stan, that's enough. Jesus, can't learn to shut up, can you? Now look, I believe we CAN find Muhammad. I've done a lot of research and I have completed a sketch of what Muhammad might look like today. [holds up a file and begins to open it]
 
Mr. Garrison: No, don't! [Randy holds it up to reveal a poorly drawn stick figure] Is that okay to show?
 
Jimbo: I don't know. I guess we'll see.
 
Hillary Clinton: Tom, what is up with this Muhammad thing? It doesn't make sense!
 
Jesse Jackson: Yeah, you said we were just suing South Park.
 
Tom Cruise: No, I said we were going to use South Park to make sure we never got ripped on again. Look, people, all of us get ridiculed, but who is the one person on this earth who is completely free from slander?
 
Oprah Winfrey: You want Muhammad because he can't be ridiculed?
 
Tom Cruise: Muhammad has a power that makes him impervious to being made fun of. What if we could harness that power? [moves over to Jimmy Buffet] Jimmy Buffet, how would you like it if nobody could call your music drunken frat boy monkey garbage?
 
Jimmy Buffett: I... I'd love it!
 
Tom Cruise: By taking what Muhammad has, we could all be safe from ridicule. [walks to the bar next to Tim Burton] Like Tim Burton here. Imagine it Tim; nobody could rip on you for all the rehashed movies you've made lately. There'd never be a TV show that pointed out that you have never had an original idea since Beetlejuice. And, you put Johnny Depp and the same crappy music in every film. And if you're that in love with Johnny Depp, you should just have sex with him already. A TV show could never say that!
 
Tim Burton: Gee, that'd be swell.
 
Tom Cruise: Well it can be a reality. Once we have Muhammad, we can take his power from him. [Cartman walks in]
 
Cartman: Excuse me... [the celebrities turn around] This is the home of Tom Cruise, right?
 
Tom Cruise: Hey! It's one of the boys from South Park who slandered me!
 
Cartman: I didn't come for myself. I'm just an escort for another celebrity who wants to get in on your lawsuit...
 
Michael Richards: Who? [Cartman lifts up his hand and takes off his glove, revealing fake hair and painted on lips. It is Jennifer Lopez.]
 
Jennifer Lopez: Alllloooo... [celebrities gasp]
 
Tom Cruise: Jennifer Lopez! [celebrities crowd around saying hellos to Jennifer]
 
Jennifer Lopez: Yes, I am Hennifer Lopez, and I like tacos and burritos.
 
Narrator: In the great hall of the Super Best Friends, there are assembled the leaders of the world's biggest religions; Jesus! [Jesus smiles and hammers a wood board] Buddha! [Buddha pries apart the screen] Krishna! [Krishna snaps his fingers and becomes a beaver] Muhammad! [Muhammad is walking down a street, but he has been replaced with a giant bar reading CENSORED] Lao Tzu and Joseph Smith [Walking down a corridor like the opening of Scooby Doo] and... the mighty Semen! [The word "Seaman" appears on the screen, but he says semen]
 
Seaman: It's not semen, it's Seaman!
 
Narrator: [covering up a laugh] Their mission; to right back which is wrong, and to serve all mankind.
 
Stan: Jesus, all we are asking you to do is bring Muhammad to our town for like an hour.
 
Jesus: My son, much has changed since you were last here. Muhammad cannot make public appearances.
 
Buddha: We simply cannot risk any violence from the Muslim people
 
Stan: Awww, not you guys too... Jesus fucking Christ!
 
Narrator: Later, at the hall of the Super Best Friends...
 
Kyle: Okay, will you let Muhammad come to South Park if we dress him like a pirate?
 
Joseph Smith: No, Muslims would still be angry if you showed his face.
 
Kyle: K... what if we cover his face with a paper bag?
 
Lao Tzu: No, 'cause you would still be showing him walking around, that could be a-trouble.
 
Stan: Okay. A suit of armor? We just have Muhammad in a suit of armor so you can't see anything.
 
Jesus: But it's still Muhammad walking around in human form.
 
Kyle: Aww, come on! This is ridiculous! [pounds hands on table]
 
Joseph Smith: Boys, you need to understand that people get very offended when Muhammad is mocked because he is a religious figure. [snorting noise, Buddha is snorting cocaine]
 
Jesus: Buddha, don't do coke in front of kids! [Kyle and Stan stare open mouthed for a second]
 
Kyle: A U-Haul. What if we bring Muhammad to South Park in the back of a U-Haul, and he just stays in there out of sight?
 
Joseph Smith: But he's talking from the U-Haul?
 
Stan: Well yeah, he's got to talk or nobody knows he's in there!
 
Jesus: Hearing his voice, I don't know. What do you think Moses? [Moses is floating over in the previously unseen corner]
 
Moses: Um... would there be windows on the U-Haul?
 
Kyle: There doesn't have to be...
 
Moses: Um... I guess... I guess that would be okay.
 
Tom Cruise: Here it is friends. Once we have Muhammad, this machine will give us the power to not be made fun of.
 
Russel Crowe: Tom, Tom, you're talkin' crazy, mate. Only Muhammad has that ability, how could we ever get it from him? [Rob Reiner walks in with a huge sandwich and handkerchief]
 
Rob Reiner: We take his goo! It's as simple as that people. [takes a bite and wipes forehead, then walks over near Tom Cruise]
 
Tom Cruise: Rob Reiner has been telling me about the goo that is inside every person on earth.
 
Rob Reiner: Any goo can be harvested from a person's body, and easily placed into another. [wipes forehead, holds up his hand, but speaks to himself]
 
Cartman: Wait, you mean we aren't going to sue and get a bunch of money?
 
Tom Cruise: No Jen, we've all got enough money.
 
Jennifer Lopez: Yes, who needs more money, we need to get Muhammad's goo! Yes, yes, ariva ariva!
 
Cartman: Uh, excuse us for a second... [walks away]
 
Cartman: Alright, just what the hell do you think you are doing?
 
Jennifer Lopez: What am I doing? Just having some fun, cholo!
 
Cartman: Cut the crap, I thought we were here for lawsuit money!
 
Jennifer Lopez: Just keep your mouth shut, and do what I tell you!
 
Cartman: If we are staying here, then I want to know what is going on. Don't forget, I know who you really are... [looks at his hand, then removes his hand's hairpiece] Mitch Conner.
 
Mitch Conner: If you know what's good for you, you'd keep your mouth shut, kid.
 
Cartman: You're a no-good swindler and a too-good thief. We were here for money, not goo!
 
Mitch Conner: Think about it. Muhammad is the only person in the world who can't get ripped on. Those celebrities want his goo.
 
Cartman: Yeah, so what?
 
Mitch Conner: You know what the goo is worth on the open market? Hell, I got people in Hong Kong who'll give me 50 mil for that goo.
 
Cartman: So we let them take it from Muhammad, then we take it for ourselves.
 
Mitch Conner: You catch on quick kid... [knock at the door]
 
Tom Cruise: [from the other side of the door] Mrs. Lopez...
 
Mitch Conner: Hurry, get my wig back on! [Tom opens the door]
 
Tom Cruise: Hey, I was just seeing if you needed some- Oh, god [scratches the back of his head guiltily] you found my fudge packing uniform...
 
Jennifer Lopez: Oh, yes, your secret is safe with me, Tommy!
 
Randy: Boys, we are so sorry for doubting you. You really did bring us Muhammad.
 
Mayor: Thank you so much for coming, Muhammad. [steps forward toward Muhammad, who is in a giant U-Haul]
 
Muhammad: [in a small voice] Welcome.
 
Mr Garrison: Oh, is that okay?
 
Jimbo: I don't know.
 
Randy: Alright, now we just need to figure out how to get Muhammad from the back of the truck into Tom Cruise's limo.
 
Stan: What? No, Dad, we promised that Muhammad would stay in the truck.
 
Gerald: Cruise's lawyers were very specific boys. He's sending a limo for Muhammad to meet him outside of town.
 
Kyle: But Muhammad can't be seen, Dad.
 
Sgt. Yates: Alright, we'll put a sheet over him.
 
Stan: No, you can't even show his feet.
 
Sheila: How about a Halloween costume with one of those plastic masks?
 
Mr. Garrison: No, you could still see his eyes...
 
Randy: Okay. How 'bout like... like a big mascot outfit? One that covered him completely, head to toe, not even showing his eyes? [Mayor walks over to U-Haul and shouts inside]
 
Mayor: Muhammad, would that be okay?
 
Muhammad: [still small voice] Okay.
 
Hillary Clinton: Tom, Rob, we've just received word from the lawyers. South Park is saying they have Muhammad for us! [celebrities gasp]
 
Tom Cruise: Rob, will the machine be ready?
 
Rob Reiner: Oh, it'll be ready! [hits buttons on the machine's control panel]
 
Jennifer Lopez: [out of view] More tacos!
 
Jennifer Lopez: [in-view, the celebrities all turn around to look] I want more tacos!
 
Cartman: No! No more tacos Mrs. Lopez.
 
Jennifer Lopez: More tacos.
 
Cartman: You just had seven tacos.
 
Jennifer Lopez: I want more tacos! [Cartman gives a nervous laugh]
 
Cartman: I'm sorry. [whisper] Why are you doing this?
 
Jennifer Lopez: I am Jennifer Lopez, I need tacos to live!
 
Cartman: [whispering] You know goddamn well you're not really Jennifer Lopez, now stop pissing me off! [Charlie Sheen steps forward]
 
Charlie Sheen: Mrs. Lopez, I can go. What do you want, like three tacos?
 
Jennifer Lopez: Oh, thank you 'harlie Sheeeeen. And maybe an enchirito too?
 
Cartman: Aw- Jee-. They don't even make enchiritos anymore!
 
Jennifer Lopez: Yes they do!
 
Cartman: No, I tried getting one last week!
 
Jennifer Lopez: Not all Taco Bells have enchiritos, but some still carry them.
 
Cartman: God, will somebody shut her up?
 
Randy: [facing away from view] Alright, the limo's here. Muhammad, thanks again for doing this. [A giant bear costume has been thrown over Muhammad]
 
Mayor: You've done this town a huge favor, Muhammad. [walks towards the limo]
 
Mr. Garrison: [from a distance away] Hold on a second! [runs over to the mayor]
 
Mr. Garrison: Stop! There's some extremists, threatening that if we give Muhammad to the celebrities, they're gonna bomb us!
 
Mayor: What?!
 
Randy: Aw. Aw, it's just a stupid threat! Come on, we don't wanna piss off Tom Cruise again. [starts walking to the limo]
 
Jared Fogle: [On a walkie-talkie] Alright, we got him, Tom. [Everyone outside walks toward the limo, when it suddenly explodes]
 
Stan: Muhammad, are you okay? [Runs toward Muhammad and helps him up]
 
Randy: What the hell was that?!
 
Sgt. Yates: Obviously, the terrorists are for real! [notices a paper Garrison is holding] What does that paper say? [reads the paper aloud] We have placed bombs all over your city. You will give Muhammad to us. The celebrities want Muhammad for his power not to be ridiculed. We want that power... huzzah.
 
Stan: They want his power?
 
Kyle: What kind of extremists are these? [Yates looks over the note]
 
Sgt. Yates: You won't believe it...
 
Lead Ginger: Our time is near! Soon, gingers will never be made fun of again!
 
All Gingers: [in unison] Huzzah!
 
Mitch Conner: Where the hell do you think you're going?
 
Cartman: I'm through with your stupid plans, Conner! I've got better things to do with my time. [Mitch goes in front of Cartman]
 
Mitch Conner: You gonna walk away from 50 mil? [Cartman stops]
 
Cartman: Let me by...
 
Mitch Conner: You walk away now, and you will regret it the rest of your life.
 
Cartman: Screw this Conner. [pushes his hand away and moves on] Find yourself another partner.
 
Mitch Conner: Then I guess I won't tell you about your father. [Cartman stops]
 
Cartman: My father...
 
Mitch Conner: Thought that might get your attention. You know nothing about your dad, right?
 
Cartman: I know enough, my mother is a hermaphrodite, so she is actually my father.
 
Mitch Conner: You really still believe that garbage? The people in your town sold you that line. Come on, you've had to have doubted it all along. [Cartman turns around to face Conner]
 
Cartman: How could you know anything about who my family is?
 
Mitch Conner: Heh. I know all about the swindles and schemes in this dead-end town. You got lied to, kid. By the people who were closest to you. I can prove it too, but I'm going to want something in return.
 
Cartman: If you're making this up to keep me around Conner, then you'd better-
 
Mitch: You just take me where I tell you, and when you learn the truth, you will learn to trust me. And nobody else...
 
Barbrady: Okay, people, try to evacuate in an orderly fashion. Geez.
 
Sgt. Yates: Mayor, we do not have the resources to deal with this situation! A full evacuation is impossible!
 
Mayor: Jesus, what are we supposed to do?!
 
Jimbo: We have to give in to their demands.
 
McDaniels: I'm sorry, Muhammad, but we are going to have to give you over to the gingers.
 
Kyle: We can't give him over to the gingers!
 
Stan: Yeah, we said we'd take care of him.
 
Gerald: But our homes and our lives are at stake.
 
Stan: We made a promise... to Jesus! [Randy steps forward]
 
Randy: Stan, Jesus doesn't matter when Muhammad is involved. [phone rings, everyone turns to look at it]
 
Jimbo: That'll be Tom Cruise... [Randy steps forward and slowly picks it up]
 
Randy: Helllo?
 
Tom Cruise: Yeah, so what's going on?
 
Randy: Uh... I'm afraid we can't... well, we can't give Muhammad to you.
 
Tom Cruise: What do you mean, you're not givin' him to us?!
 
Randy: There are these ginger fundamentalists saying that if we don't give Muhammad to them, they're gonna bomb us.
 
Tom Cruise: Gingers?
 
Kanye West: Gingers? Aww, hell no.
 
Randy: Please, understand that we have no choice here Mr. Cruise.
 
Tom Cruise: You're going to give Muhammad to gingers instead of us, just because they are threatening you with violence?
 
Randy: Well, yeah.
 
Tom Cruise: Oh, we can play that game too! You want to see violence, well you got it! [throws the phone at the ground and walks away]
 
Tom Cruise: [pacing around and fuming] Goddamn stupid assholes! You want to play rough?! OK! Spielburg, go and get some automatic rifles! We'll go in there, and we're going to take [around here, he jumps up and down on the couch, shouting his idea, with Oprah on the other cushion] Muhammad by force! And then we are going to show them th- [Rob Reiner rushes up]
 
Rob Reiner: Tom, Tom. We can't be seen getting violent.
 
Hillary Clinton: Yeah, that would kill all our careers!
 
Tom Cruise: [still jumping up and down on the couch] But the only way we are going to get Muhammad from South Park now is by getting just as violent as the gingers!
 
Rob Reiner: Fine, then let's have Her do it.
 
Tom Cruise: [stops jumping] Her who?
 
Rob Reiner: [whisper] You know... Her.
 
Tom Cruise: Oh right... [Whispers] Her.
 
Rob Reiner: There she is Tom... Barbra Streisand.
 
Robert Redford: My God, she's even more terrifying than I remember.
 
Steven Spielberg: Tom, Barbra Streisand hasn't been active for a long time. Are we sure we want to do this?
 
Tom Cruise: Mrs. Streisand got torn apart in the town of South Park. She's probably more angry at that town than any of us.
 
Rob Reiner: Power her up! Release the Kraken! [Mel Gibson places the Diamond of Pantheos in the system, then flips a switch, starting up Mecha-Streisand]
 
Japanese Singer: [Singing] Baabura, Baabura, ichi ban kirai na hito. (The number 1 hateful person.) Baabura, Baabura, hana ga ookii. (Her nose is big.)
 
Rob Reiner: [extremely casual voice] Hey Barbra. It's me, Rob Reiner. [Barbra kneels down and blows steam out of her nose, the celebrities shield their faces]
 
Rob Reiner: Listen, Babs, we are taking on the town of South Park and we really need your help
 
Tom Cruise: We figured you're pissed at South Park too, right Mrs. Streisand? [Barbra roars, turns around, and slashes the holding tower with her arm saw]
 
Tom Cruise: Oh, she's pissed all right.
 
Mr. Garrison: Eric, what are you doing here?
 
Cartman: Did you all lie to me? All of you, in that room, when you told me my mother was my father?
 
Mr. Garrison: What? N-No Eric, are you still worried about that old issue, I mean-
 
Cartman: I don't trust you. I want to talk to Mr. Hat.
 
Mr. Garrison: Eric, I haven't used Mr. Hat in a long time, and-
 
Cartman: I said GET. Mr. Hat!
 
Cartman: Put it on! [he puts it on] Do the voice.
 
Mr. Hat: Hello kids, it's me, Mr. Hat. [Cartman pulls his hand from behind his back, revealing Mitch.]
 
Mitch Conner: Good to see you Hat. Helluva night, isn't it?
 
Mr. Hat: I... I don't believe I know you.
 
Mitch Conner: The name's Mitch Conner, flew the same division as you back in Saigon. [Mr. Garrison lowers Mr. Hat]
 
Mr. Garrison: Eric, this is silly, why don't we just stop-
 
Cartman: Keep... your hand... UP!
 
Randy: [shouting to the other side of the street] Alright gingers, we have Muhammad for you, now hand over the detonators. [huge group of gingers, all holding detonators]
 
Lead Ginger: Nuh uh, first you gotta prove that's still Muhammad in there! Have him step out of the bear costume...
 
Townspeople: Ohhhhhhh...
 
Stan: Dude, we can't do that
 
Lead Ginger: Show us it's Muhammad or South Park is finished!
 
Mr. Hat: Dammit, Mitch, you're asking questions that shouldn't be answered!
 
Mitch Conner: So you admit it. There was a cover up. [Mr. Garrison turns away]
 
Mr. Garrison: No, Mr. Hat, don't say anymore!
 
Mitch: Yeah, tell 'im whatcha know!
 
Garrison: Alright, Eric, your father was in the room the day of your DNA test, but the results were... tampered with.
 
Cartman: By who? Goddammit, Garrison, who is my father?
 
End of the episode. 
 

 
 
Episode - 201 
 
 
 
Mitch Conner: Saigon. It's a hell of a place. I've seen a lot of death. [Vietnamese and American soldiers fire at each other] A lot of suffering. Darkness that most people couldn't stand to see. [Wounded American soldiers are carried back to the helicopters] I tried to sit it out as much as I could. [a left arm exactly like Cartman's is shown. It wears dog tags, a tiny helmet, and camouflage face paint]
 
Soldier 1: What's the matter, Conner? You don't like a little blood?
 
Mitch Conner: No, I don't like a little blood. Blood ain't the stuff for eighteen year old boys from Sheboygan. Blood ain't the stuff... for Mitch Conner.
 
Soldier 2: Incoming! [An RPG flies into the helicopter and blows up. Cut to a MASH unit, where Mitch opens his eyes]
 
Army Doctor: Conner, Mitchell. You're discharged, son.
 
Mitch Conner: And that's that. "Pack your bags, you're headed home. Hugs and kisses from Uncle Sam." [cut to the present, where Mitch is now on Cartman's arm facing Mr. Garrison and Mr. Hat.] So how do I end up here, with a nine year old kid who just wants to know who his father is? Life is funny like that. One day you're sifting through the guts of some gook in Vietnam and the next you're playing Dr. Phil with some kid and his teacher.
 
Mr. Garrison: Eric, I, [faces Cartman] I'm really sorry that you were put through all this.
 
Mitch Conner: Sorry is a four letter word with a Y on the end. That doesn't mean anything to this poor kid.
 
Cartman: That's right! Tell me the truth! Now!
 
Mr. Garrison: [turns away] All I can tell you, Eric, is that we were all told to stick to the story to protect someone very important. I can't say more, I won't. But I'll... I'll tell you who has the answer.
 
Randy: Look, gingers! You said you wanted Muhammad, we got him for you.
 
Ginger 1: We have no way of knowing if Muhammad is really in there. It could be a trick.
 
Stan: It's no trick, dude. My friend and I went to the Super Best Friends and brought him here!
 
Ginger 1: Then have him step out of the bear costume! You have until the count of ten! One!
 
Jimbo: Don't do it, Randy. If Muhammad is seen, we could get bombed.
 
Ginger 1: Two!
 
Sgt. Yates: Idiot, if he isn't seen, we're about to definitely get bombed.
 
Ginger 1: Three!
 
Randy: Alright, alright, stop! We'll do what you say. [turns to the bear] I'm sorry, Muhammad, but... will you please step out of the bear costume? [the bear looks around, then unzips the costume. A familiar red suit and black belt appear. The arms flail a bit and the costume drops away. Santa has stepped out of the costume.]
 
Stan: Okay, so um, see? This is Muhammad.
 
Ginger 2: That isn't Muhammad, that's Santy Claus.
 
Santa: Sorry, boys. I tried.
 
Kyle: Aw crap.
 
Randy: Boys, you got Santa to be Muhammad? When?
 
Stan: When you all said you were gonna hand Muhammad over to Tom Cruise. We promised Jesus that Muhammad would stay safely in the U-Haul!
 
Mr. Hankey: [hops up to Kyle] I'm sorry, Kyle. I really thought my idea would work for you.
 
Stan: If we were gonna have someone in a bear costume, why would we actually have it be Muhammad, you fucking idiot?!
 
Ginger 1: So where is he?! [heavy footfalls and a mechanical roar are heard, and everyone gets afraid.]
 
Announcer: Meanwhile, at the Hall of the Super Best Friends...
 
Jesus: Buddha, will you lay off that stuff already?! It's gettin' to be a problem.
 
Buddha: Ohhh, and you're one to talk! With all your Internet porn!
 
Jesus: Watching porn isn't like doing coke, fag!
 
Joseph Smith: [runs into the meeting room] Jesus Christ!
 
Jesus: What?
 
Joseph Smith: We've got a distress signal coming in. [the Super Best Friends leave their seats and head for the towering screen at one end of the room]
 
Jesus: On the Super Best Screen!
 
Police Officer: Super Best Friends! You've got to help us! The Casa Bonita is under attack! [Casa Bonita is shown. Soldiers defend it by firing at Mecha-Streisand, but she just keeps walking towards it]
 
Jesus: Great Scott! It's Barbra Streisand! [Mecha-Streisand picks up a car and bites the front end off. The driver drops down from it, likely to his death]
 
Lao Tse: I thought Barbra Streisand had been destroyed by Robert Smith.
 
Seaman: Yeah. Who would have activated her again?
 
Jesus: I don't know, Seaman. [the other Super Best Friends chuckle]
 
Seaman: [annoyed] It's Sea-Man! [the other Super Best Friends chuckle, but their attention is again drawn to the screen. ]
 
Police Officer: The Casa Bonita is gone! Jesus help us!
 
Jesus: Jesus... That's where the boys took Muhammad. We have to stop her! [he leads the others to Docking Bay Alpha] On the Super Best Friends power cycles! [moments later, amid a cloud of steam, a platform rises, and the Super Best Friends roll off it on modified Segways.]
 
Dr. Mephesto: There there, my little mouse friend. Soon you will have more asses than you ever dreamed of. [the top of his assistant's head is shown moving towards him] Ah, Kevin. You brought me my Fonseca. That's a good boy. [a pounding is heard at the door and both men turn around] What's this? Someone is at the door, Kevin. [the pounding is heard again] We tried to be left alone, Kevin. Who would disturb us at this hour? We must be careful. [looks through the peep hole] Why, it's an African-American man, Kevin. [to the person outside] Yes? What do you want?
 
Person: [Mitch Conner, in blackface, wearing a wig] Yo man, sorry to bother you, but there's been an accident down the street, man. Can I use your telephone?
 
Dr. Mephesto: Oh I'm... terribly sorry, but I don't let strangers in.
 
Person: Yo, I understand, man, but this accident is real bad, dawg. My lady's leg is all busted up and shit; she all crawlin' around on the road lookin' like a crippled crab, man. I just need an ambulance, dog!
 
Dr. Mephesto: There's a gas station about half a mile down the road. They have a phone there.
 
Person: Okay, I see. I guess I understand. You just don't wanna let a black man in yo' house.
 
Dr. Mephesto: No, please, it isn't that at all.
 
Person: No, I gets it man. Thought things had changed, dog. Thought when we got a black president, things would be different. We gots our black president, but Whitey still don't trust me to use his motherfuckin' phone.
 
Dr. Mephesto: No wait, I'm sorry, you're right you're right, we do have a black president. Please, come in. [opens the door, which is built like that of a bank vault]
 
Cartman: [quickly gets in] Ahaaa!
 
Dr. Mephesto: WAAH!
 
Kevin: AAAH!
 
Cartman: Nice work, Conner.
 
Mitch Conner: Yeah, the old "Hasn't anything changed?" speech. Works on white people all the time.
 
Dr. Mephesto: Eric Cartman?
 
Cartman: Surprise to see me, asshole?! Close the door!
 
Santa: [in the crowd] Holy crap! [as the crowd disappears, one lone boy walks towards the robot...]
 
Pip: Cheeri-o! My name is Pip. I would like to see if you wouldn't mind not smashing our little town to bits. [the robot walks towards him and he turns and runs] Haaah! [Mecha-Streisand crushes him under her left foot]
 
Announcer: Meanwhile, at the Legion of Doom, which is Tom Cruise's house...
 
Tom Cruise: How do you like that?! Celebrities can get violent too!
 
Randy: [on the community center roof with other townsfolk] Mr. Cruise, please call Barbra Streisand off! [everyone cringes as Mecha-Streisand walks around] She's destroying everything!
 
Tom Cruise: We will call her off when you give us Muhammad!
 
Randy: We don't have Muhammad. We aren't sure where he is.
 
Tom Cruise: That's your problem! Get him back or Babs will kill you all!
 
Mickey Mouse: Oh boy!
 
Stan: Kenny! Kenny! Dude, what the hell?! You're supposed to be watching Muhammad!
 
Kenny: (I am. He's right here.) [a locker to his left opens up and Muhammad steps out, a black rectangle with "CENSORED" on it covering him up]
 
Stan: Oh thank God. Hey Muhammad.
 
Kyle: Really sorry about all this, dude. [to Stan] So what the heck are we gonna do now? Muhammad isn't safe here.
 
Stan: The gingers and celebrities all want a piece of him. I don't know where we can go.
 
Kyle: [thinks a bit, then snaps his fingers] Wait. No wait a minute! I've got it. I've totally got it!
 
Kenny: (What?)
 
Kyle: Remember the time when we got an elephant to make love to a pig?
 
Stan: [a bit surprised] ...Yeah.
 
Kyle: I totally know how we can give the gingers and the celebrities what they want, but keep Muhammad safe. Come on! [they all run off]
 
Richard Tweek: She's going to get our coffee store next.
 
Mr. Slave: Ooooo, Jesus Christ. [points to behind the camera. The Super Best Friends roll into town on their cycles]
 
Jesus: That's enough, Barbra Streisand! Kiwaaa! [takes off his halo and hurls it at her. It bounces off her left shoulder and returns to Jesus. Barbra just gets more pissed off and turns to face Jesus. She walks towards him] Smith! Try your ice breath! [Joseph Smith steps forward and blows a stream of freezing air at Barbra's left claw. She looks at it and flexes her claws]
 
Joseph Smith: No good!
 
Seaman: Look out! Barbra Streisand is using her toxic stink ray! [Barbra unleashes a stream of brown gas from her genital area, making the Super Best Friends cough]
 
Dr. Mephesto: Eric, your father never wanted this to happen. He was protecting you as well as them.
 
Cartman: Them who?!
 
Dr. Mephesto: Eric, you have to understand, it's all very complicated.
 
Cartman: Then start explaining it to me!
 
Dr. Mephesto: [heavy sigh] Very well.
 
Kyle: Come on, Muhammad, the door is open.
 
Stan: Dr. Mephesto, we need your help!
 
Dr. Mephesto: Oh for crying out loud, now everyone is letting themselves in! [goes to the door and locks it]
 
Kyle: Doctor, this is Muhammad. We want you to clone him, so we can give his copies to gingers, and Barbra Streisand.
 
Dr. Mephesto: Oh, all right.
 
Cartman: No nooo no no no! He's not doing anything except explaining who my father is!
 
Stan: Dude, that doesn't matter to people right now!
 
Cartman: It's all that matters!
 
Kyle: Dude, nobody gives a crap about who your stupid father is! Muhammad is an important issue with actual ethical ramifications!
 
Cartman: I guarantee you people care way more about who my father is!
 
Announcer: In the small mountain town of South Park, the holy prophet of the Mormon religion is trying to fly up the nose of a deadly female singer. [Barbra Streisand looks around. Krishna and Seaman float by either side of her head. Smith lands on her nose, but she tries to shake him off]
 
Seaman: Our powers aren't working, Swallow. [The Super Best Friends float down towards Jesus]
 
Joseph Smith: We can't attack Streisand's nose! It's just too big!
 
Jesus: We have to find another weak spot! [into his cuff] Moses!
 
Moses: What?
 
Jesus: We need to know any weakness Barbra Streisand might have!
 
Moses: Um... Let me think... Um... Oh I know... Barbra Streisand can't resist singing duets with Neil Diamond.
 
Jesus: All right. I'll build a stage. Lao Tse, use mind control to get a huge audience. Buddha and Smith, use powers to find a band. Seaman, [chuckles] you and Swallow go get us sushi for dinner. [the other Super Best Friends start chuckling]
 
Seaman: It's Sea-Man and Swallow.
 
Jesus: Okay, Seaman, you guys head off!
 
Seaman: Fine! Swallow, come. [the other Super Best Friends chuckle]
 
Moses: Heh heh heheheh. No way he just said that.
 
Stan: Alright alright, just tell Cartman who his dad is real quick so we can clone Muhammad.
 
Dr. Mephesto: It's a complicated story. I just can't tell him quickly.
 
Kyle: Then we'll wait, because we have to clone Muhammad now!
 
Mitch Conner: Is Muhammad more important than a little boy's broken heart?
 
Kyle: Oh, you are not doing that again!
 
Mitch Conner: Look, Mephesto, just tell this kid who his father is and you do it now!
 
Kyle: Stop talking with your stupid hand!
 
Cartman: Who you calling stupid, Jew?
 
Stan: Come on, guys, we're running out of time! [more knocking is heard at Mephesto's door, and Mephesto turns around]
 
Dr. Mephesto: Yes?
 
Man: Hey, I'm sorry to bother you. There's uh, been an accident and I need a phone.
 
Dr. Mephesto: Yeah, right, let me guess: You're an African-American.
 
Man: ...Well, yes I am, but I don't know what that has to do with anything.
 
Dr. Mephesto: Beat it I'm not helpin' you!
 
Kyle: Dude!
 
Stan: That's not cool!
 
Dr. Mephesto: No no, you don't understand.
 
Kyle: We understand you just sounded like a freakin' racist!
 
Stan: We don't live in the '60s anymore, you know! We have a black president!
 
Dr. Mephesto: Alright, alright, jeez. [walks to the door and opens it]
 
Ginger 1: Hahaaa!
 
Stan: Oh crap, the gingers!
 
Cartman: Gingers? No!
 
Announcer: L-later, at the Legion of Doom.
 
Benedict XVI: Tom, Tom! The gingers are claiming they have Muhammad!
 
Tom Cruise: What?! Impossible!
 
Benedict XVI: They are sending a message now!
 
Tom Cruise: On screen! [The Legion of Doom's monitor lights up and the gingers are shown with Muhammad. The lead ginger gives the Legion a raspberry.]
 
Ginger 1: [taunting] We got Muhammad! We got Muhammad!
 
Rob Reiner: He's useless to you! You can't get Muhammad's power to not be made fun of without the Rob Reiner Goo Transfer Machine!
 
Ginger 1: Why do you think we're calling?!
 
Ginger 3: Our boss is willing to share Muhammad with you if you're willing to share the goo machine with us!
 
Tom Cruise: ...Your ...boss?
 
Dr. Mephesto: What's going on? You got what you wanted, gingers, so let us go.
 
Ginger 1: Oh no no! The head ginger has plans for you!
 
Stan: What head ginger?! And where's Cartman?!
 
Ginger 2: Heheh, the head ginger has somethin' reeeally special planned for him.
 
Cartman: Hello? What the hell is this? Where am I?
 
Mitch Conner: You really got yourself in a mess this time, kid.
 
Cartman: Shut up, Conner! How about I shove this flashlight in your mouth?
 
Mitch Conner: You might wanna [garbled sounds as Cartman puts the flashlight in his left hand]
 
Cartman: Hello? I'm here, whoever you are. [a slow cackle rises from the darkness]
 
A Voice: Eric Cartman. I've waited a long time for this.
 
Cartman: Daddy?
 
A Voice: Guess again. [lights go one a few at a time. Carnival rides begin to appear. The Bean Dip Ferris Wheel. Chili-buster. The Chiliblast. A Hot Chili sign. A Professor Habanero chili booth. More signs come on, and the 2010 Chili Con Carnival is now live. Cartman is awed] Welcome, to my Chili Con Carnival.
 
Cartman: [strokes his chin and thinks] Chili Con Carnival? ...Wait a minute. ...No it can't be.
 
A Voice: Oh, but it can. [Cartman is looking at a throne with a staircase at its base. Six gingers stand guard on the ground and halfway up the steps. Around and behind the steps is a pile of broken baby dolls highlighted by two torches. one on either side of the stairs. The torches are topped with baby doll heads. On the throne itself sits one Scott Tenorman, with top hat and cane. His head is in the shadows] Revenge is a dish best served... [leans forward into the light] chili.
 
Cartman: Scott Tenorman. Eeewww.
 
Announcer: Meanwhile, at the concert stage Jesus built with his power of super-carpentry...
 
Joseph Smith: [walks in with Buddha and Lao Tse] That's it, Jesus. The band has been paid and the PA system is working.
 
Jesus: [joins them and drops his hammer] Alright Krishna, the rest is up to you.
 
Krishna: [walks some distance] Form of... Neil Diamond. [poof! He is now Neil Diamond, who then goes on stage and addresses the crowd] If you all wouldn't mind, I'd like to invite a special friend to join me on stage. Miss Barbra Streisand! [Barbra hears her name and walks towards the stage]
 
Jesus: Let's hope to Christ this works. [Barbra reaches the stage and lowers her head to Neil - er, Krishna]
 
Krishna: Hello gorgeous. What do you say? Shall we sing together again like the old times?

[Barbra roars and sits down on stage] 
Well that's because I love the girl. 
And I still love you now. What have you got to say? [Barbra roars, then the crowd roars] 
That might be true, but I still miss ya at night. [Barbra roars something] 
When you roll over, by my side, and you kiss me goodnight. [This excites Barbra, who roars and lets out a jet of toxic spray onto the audience. The audience members cough and try to shield themselves]
 
Joseph Smith: It worked, Jesus!
 
Jesus: Yeah. And now to find Muhammad and take down Tom Cruise!
 
Scott Tenorman: Do you remember when you had my parents killed and fed them to me as chili? I spent quite a while in a mental institution, Eric. [two ginger kids come and escort Cartman towards a ride] A lot of time for me to learn everything about you, so that one day I could take you down. I even learned the name of your father. [the two kids place Cartman in a car and sit on either side of him. The car begins to move. Screen 1] Oh, I know you're confused. Who wouldn't be? [Screen 2] You've been lied to by everyone! [Screen 3] Even by your own mother! [Screen 4] Hahahahahahahaha. [the car goes through some double doors]
 
Cartman: What do you know?!
 
Scott Tenorman: [Screen 5] I wanted to torment you with your father's identity. But what I found was more shocking than I could have possibly guessed!
 
Announcer: [sounding more and more wasted] Meanwhile, at the gingers' lair...
 
Russell Crowe: Alright, Muhammad is secure. [moves off the machine]
 
Tom Cruise: Let's do this. Throw the switch, Rob. [Rob Reiner throws the switch. The power level increases on the control panel. Moments later, goo moves from Muhammad through four tubes towards a mixer, then through two tubes towards Tom Cruise. Everyone watches in anticipation] Ohhh. Uhhh. Yes! I can feel it! I can feel the power to not be ridiculed flowing through my veins! [shakes violently for a second, then the machine shuts down. A "CENSORED" bar appears over Tom] Ha. Hahahaha! [laughs heartily]
 
Paris Hilton: O M G it worked!
 
Tom Cruise: I've done it! I've done it! Look at me! I'm not okay to make fun of anymore!
 
Benedict XVI: Ooo you lucky fucker.
 
Scott Tenorman: Welcome, everyone, to the final act of my fabulous Chili Carnival!
 
Liane: Please, leave my boy alone!
 
Cartman: Mom?
 
Scott Tenorman: I got them all here for you, Eric! So listen while you got told the truth!
 
Mr. Garrison: Please don't. We have to protect 'em.
 
Cartman: Protect who??
 
Scott Tenorman: Yes, protect... who? Tell him! Mr... [points to] Jimbo! [with his cane]
 
Jimbo: Protect... the Denver Broncos.
 
Announcer: Meanwhile...
 
Tom Cruise: This is incredible. Who wants to go next?
 
Benedict XVI: I want to be next.
 
Ginger 4: No, gingers go next.
 
Mickey Mouse: Gingers can suck it! I'm next, ha!
 
Rob Reiner: It's my goo machine! I'm next!
 
Jesus: Nobody is going next! [Jesus, Buddha, and Joseph Smith run in while Lao Tse and Seaman drop in from above.] Muhammad is our super best friend! Let him go!
 
Ginger 4: They can't stop all of us! Get 'em!
 
Jesus: [fends off every ginger who runs at him.] Kyaaaaa!
 
Scott Tenorman: The Denver Broncos. [turns to Cartman] There was a right tackle, see? Who had an illegitimate child with your slut of a mom, and everyone here covered it up! To protect the Bronco name!
 
Mr. Garrison: They were having a really good year! There couldn't be any distractions!
 
Cartman: My dad was a Denver Bronco?
 
Scott Tenorman: Would you like to meet him? Well, you can't. Ever. 'Cause you see, Eric, we have something in common. Did I ever tell you that my father... played for the Denver Broncos?
 
Cartman: No- nooo.
 
Scott Tenorman: The only Bronco who lived in South Park. He got a little bored one week and had an affair with a slut named Liane Cartman!
 
Liane: No please!
 
Scott Tenorman: [to Dr. Mephesto] Tell him! You almost did before, but you got shot by your brother who was a Bronco fan! Tell him!
 
Dr. Mephesto: It's true... Jack Tenorman was your father.
 
Scott Tenorman: You killed your own father and then you fed him to your half... brother!
 
Cartman: No! Noooo!
 
Scott Tenorman: Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Now eat your chili! [shoves Cartman's face into the chili, just as Cartman had done to him a long time ago. Cartman gags on the chili. A wall explodes and the captives and celebrities rush in, followed by the Super Best Friends] The Super Best Friends? Oh no! [makes a run out of the lair. Russell Crowe smacks Buddha a few times, but Buddha fights back]
 
Seaman: I'll get you, Tom Cruise! [hops on him and wrestles him]
 
Stan: Hey look! Tom Cruise has Seaman on his back. [everyone stops and gasps. The "CENSORED" bar disappears and Tom is shown again]
 
Tom Cruise: What did you say?!
 
Kyle: Oh, yeah. Tom Cruise does have Seaman on his back.
 
Jesus: I guess maybe Tom Cruise likes Seaman. [everyone chuckles.]
 
Tom Cruise: [straightens up] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! [Seaman gets off his back] You're not supposed to be able to make fun of me anymore! What the hell's going on?!
 
Scott Tenorman: [on the rafters with a jet pack on his back] I'll be back, Super Best Friends! [tales off through an open door on the roof.]
 
Jesus: Who's the creepy ginger kid?
 
Tom Cruise: Reiner, you said the goo machine would work! But I got made fun of!
 
Kyle: That's because there is no goo, Mr. Cruise. You see, I learned something today. Throughout this whole ordeal, we've all wanted to show things that we weren't allowed to show. But it wasn't because of some magic goo. It was because of the magical power of threatening people with violence. That's obviously the only true power. If there's anything we've all learned, it's that terrorizing people works.
 
Jesus: That's right. Don't you see, gingers? If you don't want to be made fun of anymore, all you need are guns and bombs to get people to stop.
 
Santa: That's right, friends. All you need to do is instill fear, and be willing to hurt people, and you can get whatever you want. The only true power is violence.
 
Stan: [smiles and tilts his head to one side] Yeah.
 
Mayor McDaniels: Alright, people, let's start rebuilding our town! For the 39th time.
 
Stan: Oh, dude, look. [Cartman is shown on a gurney, crying. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny approach him] Hey, Cartman...
 
Kyle: Look, man, w-we know what you learned was pretty tough to hear.
 
Cartman: Tough to hear? My dad was Scott Tenorman's dad. Don't you guys realize what that means?
 
Stan: Yeah, dude, we, we know what it means.
 
Cartman: My dad was a ginger!
 
Kyle: Wwait, what?
 
Cartman: I mean, obviously, I take after my mom, but I have the ginger gene inside of me!
 
Kyle: Dude, you killed your own dad, and you're worried about that?!
 
Mitch Conner: [appears] Hey, Eric, Eric!
 
Cartman: What?
 
Mitch Conner: Come on, cheer up.
 
Cartman: Cheer up? I'm half ginger!
 
Mitch Conner: Yeah, but you're forgetting, you're also half Denver Bronco. That makes you pretty cool.
 
Cartman: Hey, you're right. That does make me pretty cool.
 
Kyle: You gotta be kidding me!
 
Mitch Conner: Shut up, Kyle, you dumb Jew. [to Cartman] You've got Bronco blood in you, kid. That makes you awesome. Me? I should be movin' on.
 
Cartman: Really, Mitch? Ya, you've gotta go?
 
Mitch Conner: There's a bounty on my head and I can't afford to stay in one place for too long. So long... Denver Bronco.
 
Cartman: Take it easy, Conner. [his hand floats away, then opens up all of a sudden. He wiggles his fingers. Next shot is of Tom Cruise sitting by himself on a trash can.]
 
Stan: Look, Mr. Cruise, I'm sorry I said you were a fudge packer and that you had Seaman on your back.
 
Tom Cruise: I just... can't do it anymore. I wanna go away. But there's nowhere on earth that people aren't around to rip on me.
 
Kyle: Hey... Hey, we know a place! We know a place where everything is just happiness and joy. And no humans are there to mess it up.
 
Stan: We do? Oh, oh, yeah, we do!
 
Tom Cruise: You... really? Somewhere where I can just ...live out my days in peace and quiet and- Oh. [stands up] Oh, please, can you show me where?
 
Stan: We'll do better than that. We'll help you get there.
 
End of the episode. 
 

 
 
Episode - A Boy And A Priest 
 
 
 
Randy: Come on, guys, we don't wanna be late!
 
Stan: [trailing behind] Do I have to go? It's the only day I get to play games.
 
Randy: We're all going. Come on! [the others get in]
 
Stan: [upset] ...Don't understand why we have to go to church every Sunday.
 
Randy: Church is important, Stan. Way more important than video games and TV. Church is about community and coming together. A lot of things.
 
Sharon: All I know is that after church I feel better.
 
Randy: Yeah. Me too.
 
Randy: Hey, mornin' Stephen, Linda.
 
Stephen: [chuckling] Morning, guys.
 
Townsman: Aww thanks there, Randy.
 
Randy: You got it- hey, where's Josie?
 
Townsman: Oh, she slipped her disc in her neck. Poor thing can barely move.
 
Randy: Aw, she's gonna miss church? That's too bad. Give her my best. [other congregants move past him as he talks]
 
Fr. Maxi: For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, [adjusts his glasses over his left eye] so that whoever believed in him should have eternal life. This is the Gospel of the Lord.
 
Congregants: Praise to you, Lord Jesus Christ. [all sit]
 
Fr. Maxi: [begins his sermon] Today's gospel talks about what the Lord has to give us. He did so because we could not control our temptations.
 
Randy: Kind of like a priest in a room full of naked boys. [snorts and other people start laughing]
 
Fr. Maxi: Uh Okay, okay, let's, let's try and have none of that today. In John 3:16, the Gospel tells us how God so loved the world he gave to us his only Son
 
Stephen: And a Catholic priest raped him. [all laugh]
 
Fr. Maxi: Okay, okay, Co-come on guys, Nu-now, what greater gift could the Lord has given to us?
 
Woman: Children's underwear which priests couldn't pull down so easily? [all laugh]
 
Fr. Maxi: Okay, let's, let's try to compose ourselves. Let's try and just get through this first one, okay guys? What does it mean that the Lord gave us his only begotten Son?
 
Townsman 1: It means that if you're a cute boy at a Catholic priest's swimming party you'd better be gettin'! [The congregants laugh. Randy gets carried and falls on the aisle laughing and pounding his fists on the floor.]
 
Randy: Oh, that was a great one, Nelson. Salvation in a little boy's mouth. I'm gonna post that one for sure.
 
Woman 2: Who said the thing about naked boy salad?
 
Stephen: Oh that was Linda!
 
Jimbo: Well, see ya next week, everybody! [waves and moves off to his left]
 
Others: Yeah, see ya! See ya! Bye.
 
Stan: I really don't understand the point of all that.
 
Randy: [chuckles] Yeah, well, I used to think that about church when I was a kid too.
 
Stan: But back then I don't know if church was that stupid.
 
Randy: Hey, don't say things like that, Stan! You wanna go to fuckin' Hell?
 
Butters: Father, can I talk to you?
 
Fr. Maxi: Oh, of course, my child. What's troubling you?
 
Butters: Well, what's troubling you? [sits down next to Maxi] You know, at school the kids used to all make fun of me sometimes. One kid would say something mean, a-and then the other kids would laugh. I know how lousy it feels. I learned to just walk away, not give 'em all the satisfaction.
 
Fr. Maxi: Well, we can't all walk away. The-the priesthood is all I know. I, I dedicated my entire life to it. Ah I don't know anything else.
 
Butters: I know it seems impossible. I thought I'd be a punching bag my whole life, but now, I'm one of the popular kids. I even get invited to board game night at Stan's house. My point is, sometimes, y-you just gotta put yourself out there.
 
Cartman: I wanna be Calamity Jane this time.
 
Stan: How many cards do you start with, Kenny?
 
Kenny: (Two cards.) [the front door opens and the boys turn to see who it is]
 
Kyle: Oh, there's Butters!
 
Butters: [walks in] Oh hey, fellas. I hope you don't mind I brought a friend. Come on in. [steps aside for his friend to appear - it's Fr. Maxi]
 
Fr. Maxi: Uh, hello, my children. [walks in. The boys just stare at him. Moments later he's seated with them, between Stan and Cartman, and Butters sits next to Kyle.]
 
Stan: Okay, so I-I guess I'm gonna go to the saloon and try to arrest Cartman.
 
Cartman: Let's see what you got, bitch.
 
Butters: So, Kyle, did you know Father is a really good singer? You like to sing too, don't you?
 
Kyle: No.
 
Fr. Maxi: Praise the Lord, for the Lord is good. Sing praise to his name, for that is pleasant.
 
Cartman: Ace. You lose. [Stan's jaw drops]
 
Randy: [coming down from the second floor] Hey Stan, [Stan sits up] have you seen my- [sees Fr. Maxi at the table, has a stunned look, then smiles] No way! [searches his pockets for his phone] Hang on! Hang on! I gotta post this!
 
Fr. Maxi: [quickly gets up to leave] Uh, I shouldn't be here.
 
Randy: This is hilarious! [takes some pics] Four boys and a priest playing a board game!
 
Butters: Aw, Father, wait a-
 
Fr. Maxi: I should go.
 
Randy: Nononoait, let me get the picture. [Maxi goes out the front door and disappears]
 
Butters: Father! [follows Maxi out and closes the door]
 
Randy: Aw shit, I missed it!
 
Cartman: Ugh. [looks at Stan] Why did you invite Butters to game night?
 
Stan: I didn't invite him. [Cartman looks at Kenny, who just looks back]
 
Butters: Come on, Father, you can't give up so fast.
 
Fr. Maxi: This is just gonna make things way worse. People will rip on me.
 
Butters: Who cares? Who cares what people say?
 
Fr. Maxi: I do.
 
Butters: Aw, come on, you gotta be strong!
 
Fr. Maxi: [turns around] Why do you care?!
 
Butters: Because I was you. Okay? I wasn't always this cool. I've been through it. But then one day, somebody told me something. He said "life is full of love and light and bountiful things," and you know who told me that? You did! Two years ago, in church! You have a right to go and be happy! And if people wanna keep tryin' to knock you down, well, fuck 'em!
 
Randy: Hey, mornin' Mackey!
 
Mr. Mackey: Well Happy Sunday! Mornin' Ted, Hazel.
 
Ted: Mornin'.
 
Hazel: Morning.
 
Others: Morning. [all head to church]
 
Randy: Ah, doin' better, huh, Josie?
 
Josie: A lot better. Thank you.
 
Randy: All right. [now at the church doors, tries to open then, no avail] Huh. What the? [realizes that the doors are locked] It's not open.
 
Ryan: Let me try. [goes up and tries to open the doors]
 
Randy: Hey! Hey, it's nine o'clock! Hey!
 
Woman: What's going on? [the doors unlock and open, and Butters steps out]
 
Randy: [points him out] Ohhh! [the others laugh]
 
Butters: There's no church today! You all are just gonna have to find some'n' better to do! [slams the doors shut and locks them.]
 
Randy: Hey... [tries to get them open again] Hey, open the door! Hey, come on! [pulls the doors harder and grunts]
 
Randy: Well this sucks. What are we supposed to do without church?
 
Sharon: I just feel so empty.
 
Shelley: What are you guys so upset about?
 
Randy: Shut up, Shelley!
 
Butters: Isn't this great, Father? Fresh mountain air, a nice warm fire, a nice warm fire.
 
Fr. Maxi: I have to admit it's a pretty nice way to spend a Sunday. How many are your works, Lord? In wisdom you made them all.
 
Butters: Yeah, the Lord is pretty cool.
 
Fr. Maxi: He is. Because he brought me you.
 
Archbishop: Denver archdiocese. The Lord be with you.
 
Mr. Mackey: [outside the church in South Park] And with your spirit, m'kay? Uh, oh my name is Counselor Mackey, and w-uh we seem to be havin' a little problem with our local church here in South Park. Our uh... our priest has gone missing.
 
Archbishop: [mutes the phone and whispers] Oh, not another one! [unmutes the phone] All right, listen to me carefully. Your local priest has not done anything wrong. He's probably just taking some time off. Why is that suspicious?
 
Mr. Mackey: Well, it's not suspicious, we just kind of don't know what to do, you know? Uh.
 
Archbishop: We'll take care of it. There's no need to involve the authorities. Just sit tight. [hangs up and switches to another line] Send in a clean-up crew now! [the doors quickly open and the clean-up crew appears.] We've got another one. A priest on South Park has gone rogue and is probably out doing his thing. I need you guys to get up there and clean up his mess.
 
Auxiliary: Don't worry, Your Holiness. By the time we're done with that town there won't be a lick of cum anywhere.
 
Butters: Happy birthday, Clyde! [behind him is Fr. Maxi. They both have gifts for Clyde.] Hope you don't mind I brought a friend.
 
Fr. Maxi: For we are God's handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works.
 
Clyde: Dude, what are you talking about?!
 
Fr. Maxi: Come on, Father. Let's go tear up the skating rink. [they drop their gifts off and head to the rink. Clyde is angered by Fr. Maxi's presence, and Kyle notices.]
 
Kyle: Just leave it alone, Clyde. Butters brings him everywhere.
 
Clyde: I don't care, I don't want a priest at my fucking birthday party!
 
Cartman: [turns to calm Clyde down] It's all right, Clyde, it's all right.
 
Butters: That's it! You're doing great!
 
Fr. Maxi: Uh-ah. Oh, Mother Mary. I feel like everyone's staring at me. [he's not wrong...]
 
Butters: Nobody's staring. I'm gonna get us some soda pop. You just mingle with the other fellas![skates off]
 
Randy: What's it all about, huh? Are we just bags of carbon and water put on this planet for no purpose? You're born, you die, then you're just... food for the worms.
 
Stuart: It all does seem pretty meaningless.
 
Townsman 2: [appears in the doorway] Hey, the church is back open! There are people inside!
 
Jimbo: What?
 
Randy: The church is back open?
 
Townsman 3: Oh boy! Let's go let's go let's go let's go!
 
Others: The church is back open! Thank God! Let's go!
 
Auxiliary: Scrub everything! Police can detect even a milligram of cum and rectal blood!
 
Randy: [enters with other bar patrons] Hey!
 
Auxiliary: Oh uh, hello my children. The Lord be with you.
 
Townsmen: And with your spirit.
 
Randy: What uh, what are you guys doing?
 
Auxiliary: Oh, we're just giving the place a nice scrub down while we wait for your priest to come back. He was called to South America last week.
 
Randy: Last week? No, he was at my house a couple of days ago playing board games with the boys.
 
Auxiliary: [turns the vacuum cleaner off. His assistants look at Randy] No he wasn't. Look, I assure you everything is fine. Your priest will be back. Just have some patience.
 
Townsmen: Awww.
 
Townsman 4: Come on, guys. [the townsmen turn around and leave]
 
Auxiliary: Scrub everything. Bleach those board-game pieces. You find something on that chair?
 
Priest: It's either blood and cum, or ketchup and mayo. [the priest is scrubbing down Cartman's chair]
 
Auxiliary: Well, just get rid of it. Bleach the entire top of the table. That's probably where he mounted them.
 
Stan: [comes down the stairs and approaches the crew] Uh, excuse me.
 
Auxiliary: [turns to face him] Oh. Hello, my son.
 
Stan: What are you doing?
 
Auxiliary: What are we doing about what?
 
Stan: Well, I mean, it looks like you're scrubbing and bleaching our tables and chairs.
 
Auxiliary: Mmm mmm, that's not what's going on. Your local priest was never here, actually.
 
Stan: Yeah he was. I played with him.
 
Auxiliary: Oh, you did! [whispers loudly to the priest behind him] Better get the Kumby. [the priest walks off]
 
Stan: What's a Kumby?
 
Auxiliary: We're just here to cleanse your spirit, my child.
 
Priest: [returns with an odd tool] Praise be to Christ. [the Kumby looks like a portable wet/dry vacuum cleaner worn like a backpack. The priest uses it to wipe Stan down]
 
Boys: Yaaay!
 
Fr. Maxi: And now let us pray.
 
Boys: Awww.
 
Fr. Maxi: Bless us, O Lord, and these thy gifts. which we are about to receive.
 
Clyde: Kyle, will you do something please?!
 
Fr. Maxi: [quoting Psalm 78:26] He caused the east wind to blow in the heavens...
 
Kyle: Why me?
 
Cartman: [gritting his teeth] Kyle!
 
Fr. Maxi: ...through Christ our Lord. Amen.
 
Kyle: [walks up to Butters] Uh, Butters, can I talk to you really fast?
 
Butters: Wow! Sure, Kyle. Be right back, Father. [follows Kyle away]
 
Fr. Maxi: All right, my child.
 
Butters: Huh-what's up?
 
Kyle: Butters, you know, you can just bring your priest with you everywhere. I mean, sometimes the guys just wanna do stuff and not have a priest around.
 
Butters: What are you saying, Kyle?
 
Kyle: I'm saying it's just kind of awkward, Butters. [Fr. Maxi goes to look for these two boys and just happens to walk by the snack room. He stops just short of the doorway and listens] He's bumming everybody out. Nobody wants to hear about Jesus at a birthday party.
 
Butters: Well, of course, you don't.
 
Kyle: It's not just me. It's everyone, Butters. He can try all he wants, but he just doesn't belong here. [Maxi's face drops, then he walks away quietly]
 
Butters: Well I'm sorry for tryin' to help out somebody who didn't have anywhere else to turn. We'll both just leave. I thought you were better than that, Kyle. [walks out]
 
Auxiliary: All right, clean and scrub everything. I want it spotless! Get any evidence the priest might have left behind.
 
Assistant: There's something over here, [tastes the frosting on Clyde's slice of cake] but I can't tell if it's cum or frosting.
 
Auxiliary: It's an 8-year-old's birthday party. Of course, it's cum. Get the Kumby!
 
Priest: [arrives with the Kumby and wipes Clyde down] Praise be to Christ.
 
Auxiliary: [approaches Cartman and wipes him down with a cloth. Cartman panics a bit] Hello, young man. We're looking for your town priest. Was he here?
 
Cartman: Yeah, but he left with Butters.
 
Auxiliary: Tell me about this Butters.
 
Clyde: All right, that does it! [the priest is now wiping down his back] Get out of my birthday party or else I'm gonna call the police! [the priest turns the Kumby off and stands up]
 
Butters: Father! Father? Has anybody seen my priest? Father, where'd you go? [Maxi is sitting by a Dumpster and raises his head when he hears Butters approaching. Butters then sees him] There you are! I've been looking everywhere.
 
Fr. Maxi: Just leave me alone.
 
Butters: But you're missin' the party!
 
Fr. Maxi: Look, your friends are right, okay? I don't belong there. I, I don't belong anywhere. [gets up and walks away]
 
Butters: [follows Maxi through the parking lot] But, they just don't understand you like I do.
 
Fr. Maxi: Stop defending me! There are things you don't know!
 
Butters: But it's not your fault.
 
Fr. Maxi: Yes it is! It is my fault!
 
Butters: Why?!
 
Fr. Maxi: [turns around and faces Butters] Because I knew, all right?! I knew! Years ago, when bad things started coming out about the Catholic Church, I went to the Vatican and ... I found out that the problem was worse than anyone even thought. I thought I could help fix it, so, I kept my mouth shut. I thought there was cancer in the Church that we could get rid of. But the Church is cancer. It's not about a few bad apples. There are only a few good apples, and I'm clearly not one of them. So just stay away from me!
 
Butters: But... I thought we were pals.
 
Fr. Maxi: You thought wrong. [turns around and walks away. Butters shrinks a little in worry]
 
Auxiliary: Hey. Hey there. What's the matter, my child? Did you know that Jesus loves you?
 
Butters: Sometimes I wonder.
 
Auxiliary: "And the life I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me." [Galatians 2:20. He dangles a candy bar in front of Butters.] Want a Three Musketeers?
 
Butters: ...No thanks.
 
Auxiliary: You like camping trips? You wanna go camping?
 
Butters: No.
 
Auxiliary: I got a bunny in the back. You wanna see the bunny?
 
Butters: [perks up] Well, okay! [the bishop takes him to the back and opens the doors. Butters frowns] Stan?
 
Stan: I have no idea what's going on.
 
Clyde: Worst birthday ever! [the priests toss Butters in to join Stan and Clyde, then slam the doors shut]
 
Randy: Boring [click] Dumb. [click] Stupid. [click] Good, but dated in its view of gender norms. [The doorbell rings and he slumps a bit] Wugh. [gets up and answers it. Fr. Maxi is at the door]
 
Fr. Maxi: Hello, Mr. Marsh.
 
Randy: Father! [turns around, dancing] Hey, hey Sharon, it's Father!
 
Fr. Maxi: M, Mr. Marsh-
 
Randy: He's back!
 
Fr. Maxi: -please.
 
Randy: Hey, Father's back!
 
Fr. Maxi: I'm just going around trying to locate little Butters Stotch. I thought he might be here playing a board game with your son?
 
Randy: Oh uh, no. I haven't seen, Butters. Or Stan. But Father, please, we all need church.
 
Fr. Maxi: I'm sorry, but I have to keep looking. [turns around and leaves] I said some terrible things.
 
Randy: Please, Father, we're all lost, and the cleanup crew hasn't helped at all.
 
Fr. Maxi: [stops and turns around] What cleanup crew?
 
Auxiliary: Any sign of him?
 
Assistant: No, but this should draw him out. The cute one says it's where he and the priest first got together.
 
Auxiliary: All right, when the priest gets here, we'll take care of him and then eradicate this place of any evidence.
 
Priest: Should I bring out the Kumby?
 
Auxiliary: No, this is gonna be a bigger job than that. Bring out... the Kumboni. [moments later, the priest drives up in a Kumboni]
 
Stephen: Hey Randy, what's up?
 
Randy: [driving] Stephen! Stephen, listen! The boys are missing! Fr. Maxi thinks they've been taken by the other priests!
 
Stephen: [jumps up from the sofa and walks away from it] Taken by priests?? Should we call the police or buy some condoms? [smiles]
 
Randy: [laughs] Okay. Okay-okay, that was good. [mood change] But seriously, we have to find these guys! The boys are in danger!
 
Stephen: But where would priests go this late at night?
 
Linda: To a midnight sale at Boys 'R' Us?
 
Randy: What-what'd she say?
 
Stephen: She said, "To a midnight sale at Boys 'R' Us."
 
Randy: Can, can I post that?
 
Stephen: Sure, she doesn't care.
 
Fr. Maxi: [grabs the phone from Randy] Give me that! Mr. Stotch, have you heard from Butters at all?!
 
Stephen: Well yeah, we got a really weird text from him saying not to worry, he needed to do some camping.
 
Fr. Maxi: [puts down the phone] Oh my Lord. I know where to go. And when we get there... I'll need to go in alone.
 
Randy: Yeah I'll bet. [snickers]
 
Assistant: He's not showing up.
 
Auxiliary: Try the priest call. [the assistant pulls out a calling device similar to a duck call and blows into it]
 
Kid's voice: I love Jeeesus! I love Jeeesus!
 
Assistant: [turns around] I don't think he's coming.
 
Auxiliary: Oh he's coming all right. Just not here. Let's start packing up. You. [points at the priest] Get on the Kumboni and eradicate this place along with everything in it.
 
Priest: Yes, your Holiness.
 
Fr. Maxi: Wait! [arrives at the clearing]
 
Butters: Father.
 
Fr. Maxi: You wanted to find me? Well, here I am. I know why you're here. The Church can't have... someone like me going around making it look bad. So go ahead. [turns away] Do it. Just get it over with.
 
Butters: What?? No!
 
Auxiliary: You think we searched all over town and set up this trap to kill you? We're Catholics! We're here to give you what you deserve! A full transfer to the beautiful Maldive Islands. Luxury airfare and beach house included! [theh other two priests applaued]
 
Fr. Maxi: A transfer?
 
Auxiliary: The Church took care of everything, just like it always has from the beginning. "Thank you for cleaning up all my cum."
 
Fr. Maxi: I can just... go? I can start over in the Maldives?
 
Auxiliary: No one will make fun of you there. They can't even speak English. And don't worry, there'll be plenty of priests to take your place here. Look, I know it's a big change, but... you know what you have to do.
 
Fr. Maxi: Yes, I do. I don't think I have any other choice.
 
Butters: No. He can't.
 
Auxiliary: Well, our work here is done! Praise be to Christ, guys. It certainly was a tough one, but I think we got everything cleaned up and- [the Kumboni starts up and smashes through some trees. Fr. Maxi is driving it right at the priests.] Aaaaugh!
 
Assistant: The Kumboni! Aaah! [Maxi mows him down and kills him] Aaaaagh! Aah!
 
Priest: Aaaaugh! Aaaaugh! [Maxi mows him down and kills him]
 
Auxiliary: [Maxi is hot on his trail] No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. [Maxi mows him down, killing him. Moments later, Maxi stops the engine and walks up to the boys]
 
Butters: Father, you did it!
 
Fr. Maxi: I'm so sorry, my child. I never meant to say we weren't pals.
 
Butters: Does that mean you're gonna stay?
 
Fr. Maxi: Of course. Now I have purpose, and I have meaning. My job here is to protect you. All of you.
 
Fr. Maxi: The Lord be with you.
 
Congregants: And with your spirit. [they go in]
 
Fr. Maxi: Today I'd like to talk on the subject of penance. The penitent... have deep remorse, but for true penance, we must be humble enough to admit that the Lord's forgiveness is undeserved.
 
Randy: Kind of like how getting raped by a Catholic priest is undeserved. [all laugh]
 
Fr. Maxi: In Job 42:6 we read "Therefore, I reprehend myself and do penance in dust and ashes"
 
Townsman 1: And in choir boys' butts and asses. [all laugh]
 
Fr. Maxi: So we are not to punish ourselves, but instead, we are to make ourselves passionate.
 
Townsman 5: Like a Catholic priest at a Chuck E. Cheese. [all laugh]
 
Randy: Oh God, it's good to have my faith back!
 
Fr. Maxi: Passionate to understand all that Christ sacrificed, and how hard it truly was.
 
Woman 4: How hard what truly was? [all laugh]
 
End of the episode. 
 

 
 
Episode - A History Channel Thanksgiving 
 
 
 
Mr. Garrison: Okay children, let's all take our seats. [most of them are seated; Kyle, Tolkien, Bebe and Stan are the last four to get seated] As you all know, Thanksgiving is only two weeks away. And so the school has arranged for a lecture from a real live Native American.
 
Butters: Oh neato, huh fellas?
 
Guest: [a stout "Native American"] Hello boys and girls. My name is David Running Horse... Sawitsky, and I am one sixteenth Cherokee Indian.
 
Cartman: Does that mean we only have to pay one sixteenth attention to you? [Sawitsky crosses his arms and is not all all pleased]
 
Sawitsky: There've been a lot of "stories" about the first Thanksgiving, and unfortunately they are mostly geared towards making the Pilgrims look good, and my people being degraded as usual. Was Thanksgiving about turkey and peace? Or was it the beginning of the genocide of an entire race?
 
Butters: [innocently] Thanksgiving is about murder?
 
Cartman: This is bullcrap! A guest speaker comes to our class and assigns us a report on Thanksgiving?
 
Kyle: Well, it is kinda true, you know? Thanksgiving is fun and all, but the Native Americans got pretty screwed over.
 
Cartman: Yeah, and now my video game time is getting screwed over by them.
 
Kyle: [looks over his shoulder angrily] Hey, fatass! Instead of laying in bed eating, why don't you come and help?!
 
Cartman: Jesus Kyle, you are really being crampy today.
 
Stan: We all have to do this report together, dude.
 
Cartman: You guys, we are wasting time. If we have to write a report on Thanksgiving let's just go downstairs and watch TV.
 
Kyle: How is that gonna help?!
 
Cartman: [like a doorbell] Dumbass, it's November. [normally] The History Channel is probably playing Thanksgiving specials back to back. We can learn everything we need.
 
Announcer: You're watching The History Channel, where the truth is history.
 
Narrator: [as re-enactments play in color and in black and white] A lot has been written about the first Thanksgiving between Pilgrims and Native Americans. but what really happened at that first historic dinner?
 
Cartman: Dude, see? I told you. Who needs to read a bunch of stupid books when we've got History Channel?
 
Narrator: [more re-enactments] We know the first Thanksgiving was in the fall of 1621, but new evidence suggests that the first exchanging of food between the Pilgrims and Native Americans may have been visited by aliens! [dramatic flashes of darkness as the alien is shown up close, then a picture of a fetus, and then...]
 
Duncan Everton: [Professor of History, Oakmont H.S.] In every journal entry we researched from those early Pilgrims, not one entry mentioned anything about aliens not being there.
 
Narrator: And what about the food? [a juicy baked turkey is shown, then the previous image is shown without the alien] Does the appearance of stuffing at the first Thanksgiving suggest a kind of alien technology? [the alien reappears in the scene, but with two other aliens]
 
Cartman: Uh-huh??
 
Kyle: What? This isn't history.
 
Stan: Dude, it is called History Channel.
 
Kenny: (Yeah.)
 
Charles Biggens: [Culinary Associates of America] And if we look in all the journals and aall the history books, there is no reference to stuffing before 1621. So where did it come from? Did it come from space? We just don't know.
 
Narrator: Did ancient aliens shape the first Thanksgiving? Is it mere coincidence that Cape Cod, when viewed from space, looks like an alien life form? [an alien with an erect penis is drawn over the aerial image] What exactly did the Pilgrims experience? [colored lights move around over the ocean's horizon as Pilgrims gather by the beach] How exactly did those beings from another world shape the dinner we celebrate every November? [a tiny UFO hovers near a turkey]
 
Kyle: What??
 
Cartman: Kyle, why are you being so grumpy? Are you on your period again?
 
Kyle: We're not basing research for our report on this crap!
 
Cartman: Okay, let's take a vote: Who thinks the possibility of ancient aliens at Thanksgiving makes for an interesting history report? [he and Kenny raise their hands, then Stan raises his]
 
Kyle: [at Stan] Dude!
 
Cartman: Okay, and who wants to take a little Pamprin so their menstrual cramps stop bringing everyone down? Kyle? [raises Kyle's hand]
 
Kyle: [sighs] Alright, fine! Let's just get this stupid report over with!
 
THC President: [sits up in bed] Yes? A report from where? [sits up on the side of the bed] Does Congress know about this yet? Try to keep it contained and get the helicopters ready. I'll be there as soon as I can. [hangs up and sits back down]
 
Wife: Darling?
 
THC President: They found something. This could be it. [makes a fist]
 
Cartman: Did you guys know that when you stop menstruating it's called menopause?
 
Stan: ...What?
 
Cartman: Yeah, God takes your period away, and apparently it makes you really irritable? I was thinking maybe that's why Kyle's been so grouchy lately, 'cause he's goin' through menopause.
 
Kyle: Dude, shut your fuckin' mouth!
 
Cartman: See what I mean, you guys? [a black car with tinted windows pulls up at a corner within sight of the boys and the passenger window comes down and the agents inside look at the boys]
 
Agent 1: [brunet] Is that them?
 
Agent 2: [blond] That's them.
 
THC President: You boys have been very busy... [he closes the report] We need to know everything that you know.
 
Stan: 'bout what?
 
THC President: Have you been contacted by alien life forms?
 
Agent 1: Did you come across some kind of ship or something?
 
Kyle: Dude, look, we, we just saw all this stuff on History Channel.
 
THC President: [silence for a few seconds, then] We are The History Channel. [rises from his chair] For years we've been collecting information on Thanksgiving. We're getting close to the truth. And now you boys have exactly the same information. It can't be coincidence.
 
Kyle: We saw it on your channel.
 
THC President: What exactly did you seez?!
 
Stan: That... stuffing was never heard of before 1621, so it might be alien technology?
 
THC President: My God. Would you be willing to say that on camera for an interview?
 
Steven: Alright, Butters, that's enough MTV for one day. You need to watch something that stimulates your brain. I'm putting on History Channel.
 
Butters: Okay Dad.
 
Announcer: You're watching the History Channel, the only network dedicated to history. Coming up next, it's Monster Quest! Larrh! Followed by Hairy Bikers. Errh! But now, back to Part 3 of Ancient Aliens at Thanksgiving.
 
Narrator: It has become a widely accepted fact that Thanksgiving was a meal attended by Pilgrims, Native Americans, and alien beings.
 
Stan Marsh: [history expert] Stuffing wasn't mentioned anywhere until 1621? And it might have been... alien technology?
 
Narrator: And while the number of people who accept the alien theory continues to grow, some experts have stepped forward with a wildly different view altogether. Could it be that Pilgrims were actually aliens themselves?
 
Kyle Broflovski: [Ph. D., Professor of Thanksgiving - DeVry Institute] Of course you can't prove there were no aliens at the first Thanksgiving! Just like you can't "prove" that... the Pilgrims themselves weren't alien! Can you prove that?! Here: draw that Thanksgiving turkey symbol with your hand! Maybe that symbol matches... galaxies in space or something! OooOoOoOooOOO! [moves his hands around]
 
Narrator: [a scene of alien families sharing Thanksgiving on Earth] Could it be that the Pilgrims we've read about all these years actually came from another planet? History experts like Kyle Broflovski say "yes."
 
Kyle: You might as well just say Pilgrims and Indians were all aliens who came here and made some kind of intergalactic treaty!
 
Stan: Wow, check it out dude, we're on TV. [smiles]
 
Kyle: How can they make a show out of this? I wasn't even agreeing with them. [a knock is heard at the front door and Kyle goes to answer it]
 
Sawitsky: What are you doing?!
 
Kyle: ...Uh oh.
 
Sawitsky: The first Thanksgiving was a space treaty?! Native Americans are aliens?!
 
Kyle: I was just explaining how a negative argument doesn't make a po-
 
Sawitsky: Haven't my people been through enough?! [whips out a gun with his left hand and quickly aims at at Kyle] Goddamn you!
 
Kyle: Ack dude! [backs up as Sawitzky walks towards him]
 
Sawitsky: The white man is gonna PAY for his lies! [stops in front of Stan and Kenny, keeping his gun aimed at Kyle]
 
Agent 2: Look at this, sir! [hands him a picture] An aerial photograph of Cape Cod where the Pilgrims landed in 1620. [puts his right hand on it and traces a turkey on the photo with it] Five Pilgrim settlements, with Plymouth Rock here. [puts a dot on the location] The same symbols appear everywhere in history. [on a baked turkey, in the night sky...]
 
Agent 1: The symbology lines up to mirrored points in space. If Kyle Broflovski is right, then Plymouth Rock is some kind of wormhole.
 
THC President: Pilgrims and Indians were the aliens! How did we not think of it?!
 
Agent 3: Sometimes it takes the innocence of a child to make us see the most simple things.
 
Agent 2: True dat.
 
THC President: True dat.
 
THC President: Get all those tourists out of here! We need this place secured!
 
Agent 4: [through his bullhorn] Alight people, let's clear out! We need you ALL to disperse! [a woman and her daughter stop to listen] This area is under quarantine. [the woman and daughter leave]
 
THC President: Give me a piece of chalk. [agent 1 hands it to him. The president quickly traces a turkey on the rock, then backs up.] Huh... Nothing.
 
Agent 5: Guess Kyle Broflovski was wrong.
 
THC President: Well, at least we weren't outsmarted by a nine-year-old kid. [they all turn and walk out of the water] We should've known. Pilgrims couldn't be from space.
 
Agent 6: Here. You can see it right there. An object clearly fell from the sky and struck the Earth.
 
THC President: What is it?
 
Agent 6: It's a Pilgrim, sir. [the president is stunned, looks outside, then walks outside with five other men]
 
THC President: So then, Professor Broflovski was right after all. [the camera pans up into the sky. Another camera travels through space]
 
Narrator: Not long ago, it was an accepted fact that civilizations on Earth shared the universe with beings from other planets. [the camera approaches a rock formation that has golden (literally) ears of corn sticking out of it. The camera then goes around the formation and through a thick cloud layer] These alien beings visited our world, and once, even settled it, from deep within the galaxy Canis Major, and a distant planet called... Plymouth. [the camera pops up and sees a magnificent building from which rise four massive golden ears of corn. An entrance with 14 colossal Pilgrim statues is shown. Inside the cathedral-like building a Pilgrim king, seated on a throne flanked by two huge golden cornucopias overflowing with gold and jewels, speaks to a huge crowd]
 
Pilgrim King: Fellow Pilgrims! The great Captain hath gone missing and thine enemies have attacked our stuffing mines! We must prepare for war with the Indians!
 
Indian Chief: Now it is OUR time! We shall attack Plymouth, and we will take... ALL THEIR STUFFING! [the Indians cheer]
 
Cartman: Non! Mom, did you already get stuffing for Thanksgiving dinner?
 
Liane: What hon?
 
Cartman: Tell me you've already got everything we need for Thanksgiving!
 
Liane: Uhoh, Thanksgiving's still a couple of weeks away, sweetie. I haven't gone shoppies yet.
 
Cartman: Oh no. Oh NO!
 
Liane: What is it, hon?
 
Cartman: Clyde Donovan said that he saw on the news there's gonna be a massive stuffing shortage! Get your coat on, Mom! We've gotta go to the store! [turns around and leaves the kitchen]
 
Cartman: You guys have stuffing?!
 
Attendant 1: Stuffing? Sure. Aisle 17.
 
Cartman: Oh... We're not too late. Mother, come! [Liane takes a shopping cart and follows Cartman to the right aisle. Cartman looks for the stuffing, but doesn't fine any. The attendant walks by] Hey! Where is it!
 
Attendant 1: It's right there, right on the uh... [sees that the stuffing shelf is empty] wait, that can't be right. Hey, hey Chet. What happened to all the stuffing?
 
Chet: [walks up] What are you talking about? [sees that there is no stuffing, and his jaw drops a bit]
 
Attendant 1: We got more in the back, right?
 
Chet: I just did inventory in the back, it... it was all put out here!
 
Attendant 1: You mean it's two weeks until Thanksgiving and we're completely out of stuffing?!
 
Chet: Oh no!
 
Cartman: No!
 
Chet: No!
 
Cartman: NOOOO!
 
Pilgrim King: You dare come to Plymouth, ambassador?! After attacking our stuffing mines?!
 
Indian Chief: The stuffing mines were never yours!
 
Pilgrim King: Wihtout control of the mines we cannot supply stuffing to the mortals, ambassador! This will be war!
 
Indian Chief: You are in no position to declare war! Your lead commander is nowhere to be found!
 
Pilgrim King: And how knoweth you that?!
 
Indian Chief: Word travels fast in our sector.
 
Pilgrim King: I do not give free bowls of stuffing, what sayest you?! We will take back control of the stuffing mines! [turns and leaves with his men]
 
Indian Chief: Then the Thanksgiving treaty will be off! [turns and leaves with his men]
 
Pilgrim King: And I pray to stuffing that you are wrong. [looks up to the sky as his men move on without him] Where are you, Miles Standish?
 
Sawitzky: And furthermore, everything Kyle Broflovski said about Native Americans being from outer space was untrue! Native Americans were brutalized, and David Sawitzky's ancestors deserve an apology! It was wrong to mix aliens and real history!
 
Stan: I don't know, dude. Have you seen that stuff about the pyramids and the link to Mars?
 
Kyle: [through gritted teeth] Dude, there's a guy with a gun here!
 
Stan: I'm just saying there's lots of symbols and signs out there that show aliens and history are pretty linked.
 
Kenny: (Yeah, that's true.)
 
Kyle: Would you guys stop?!
 
Sawitsky: Just keep writing your apology! [paces. The front door opens and Miles Standish jumps in dramatically]
 
Miles: How now, Indian?! Why hast thy race sent me here to Earth?!
 
Sawitsky: [surprised] Huh? [Miles runs at him and throws him up against a wall] Ack.
 
Stan: Dude!
 
Miles: You Indians took me to thy planet, and then cast me here! Why?! [punches Sawitzky twice. Sawitzky falls to the floor and Miles begins kicking him in the balls]
 
Kenny: (Go, dude!)
 
Stan: Yeah, go on dude!
 
Kenny: (Woohoo!)
 
Miles: [turns Sawitzky over and picks him up] Hast thy race attacked our stuffing mines and sent me here to die?! Tell me, Indian!
 
Sawitzky: I I uh I'm only one sixteenth.
 
Miles: Hold your lying tongue! [puts a glowing ball into Sawitzky's mouth] This shall prove if thou art Indian or not! [Sawitzky begins to tremble and moan, then he's surrounded by a purple light and consumed] Ah, he was not.
 
Stan: I didn't think so.
 
Miles: [walks up to Kyle and genuflects] I have been told of your expertise, Kyle of DeVry Institute. I need your wisdom to get back to my planet.
 
Miles: Into the wheeled chariot that strucketh me! [the boys get in] We must make haste to Cape Cod! [then he does]
 
Stan: [looking at the driver] Who's this?
 
Miles: This is Natalie.
 
Natalie: Hi guys.
 
Agent 7: Alright, sir. We got some more information on the Pilgrim who crashed to Earth. Thirty seconds after impact the Pilgrim was hit by a truck and then put into the back seat.
 
THC President: Who did the truck belong to?
 
Agent 6: We believe it belonged to Natalie Portman, sir.
 
THC President: The actress? That doesn't make sense.
 
Agent 8: It gets worse. All over the country people are reporting a shortage of stuffing. We don't think it's coincidence.
 
THC President: You're telling me that somehow during a stuffing shortage, this "Pilgrim" dropped down from space and got into a truck driven by Natalie Portman?!
 
Agent 9: Look, if anyone knows about stuffing, it's Natalie Portman!
 
THC President: [walking forward, filling the screen] We have to find Professor Broflovski. He was right about all of this. He'll know what to do.
 
Miles: We shall make camp here for the night. On the morrow perhaps we can reach Cape Cod. And Thanksgiving may yet be saved. [looks outside and sees Kyle] What is wrong with Kyle of DeVry Institute?
 
Stan: Aw, I think he's just kind of pissed off he was wrong about the whole ancient alien thing.
 
Miles: [studying Kyle some more] He seems almost like a Puritan lady whose period hath stopped. [moments later, he goes outside to talk to Kyle] I fear, Kyle, that you still do not know whose side to be on.
 
Kyle: No, ah I don't.
 
Miles: It must have been very difficult for you, being the one on your planet with his wild theories that Pilgrims and Indians were not of this world.
 
Kyle: I actually only just said that sarcastically.
 
Miles: HA! Ha ha ha ha ha ha! [pats him on the left shoulder a few times] Then you are only just a remarkably gifted child! [puts his right hand over Kyle's left hand, then withdraws it to pull out a map] Here, let me show you. Your planet is one of the five. [points to the others] Plymouth, Indi, Colthenheim, and this planet over here nobody really cares about. [spreads his right hand over the map so each fingertip touches a planet, then traces the hand with a pencil] The five are connected by a series of wormholes. [the trace is finished] My people came to your world, and so did our enemies. But we made a treaty, and for 300 years our people have not fought. But now, the treaty is over.
 
Kyle: But I always read that Native Americans were here, and that Pilgrims and other settlers kind of took their lands from them.
 
Miles: You can't believe what everyone tells you, Kyle. You have to open your eyes. [stands up and puts down his map on his seat. Natalie, Stan, and Kenny look on from the trailer] Soon your wisdom will open the wormhole back to Plymouth, and the stuffing mines can again be ours, for he who controls the stuffing, controls the universe. [all of a sudden, a night sun focuses on him and a helicopter is heard]
 
A pilot: Hold it right there! [five black cars pull up quickly and surround Miles and Kyle. Natalie, Stan and Kyle leave the trailer]
 
Agent 10: We found Professor Broflovski! He is with the Pilgrim! [the agents close in on Miles and he unsheathes his sword]
 
Miles: Stay back, all of you! For I will get to Cape Cod and cannot be stopped! Come boys! Let us fight to the death!
 
THC President: [rushes into the middle] Wait! Stop, stop! Please, Mr. Standish, we are all on the same side here. We know why there's a stuffing shortage. We've been trying to get the wormhole open.
 
Miles: I trust none but them! [points to the party he came with - Natalie, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny] Indians hath betrayed us! I must return to Plymouth so my king can know the truth! [hurries away]
 
THC President: PLEASE! [stops him] We're the History Channel. We care as much about the truth as you do.
 
Miles: Then get us to Cape Cod as soon as possible!
 
Pilgrim: [shot through with several arrows] My Lord! My Lord, the battle is lost! We have tried to stop the Indians on their home planet, but yea they are too strong!
 
Pilgrim King: Then our last chance for survival is gone?
 
Pilgrim: I'm sorry my Lord. All Pilgrim forces sent to the Indians' planet have been wiped out.
 
Pilgrim King: And so soon the Indians will be here. Sound the corn horn! We must abandon Plymouth!
 
Indian Chief: The stuffing mines are ours! [some Indians celebrate at the mines]
 
Miles: Earth is connected to Plymouth by this wormhole here. Once I get back I will assemble my people to attack Indi, and gain control of the stuffing mines. If all goes as planned, you will all have stuffing in time for Thanksgiving.
 
THC President: But Mr. Standish, I'm afraid it's not that simple. We... tried to get the wormhole open with this symbol and it didn't work.
 
Miles: Ah ha ha ha! Of course not! You have the correct symbol, but you are missing the keeper of the portal.
 
Agent 11: The keeper of the... of course! Natalie Portman!
 
THC President: We were wondering what she had to do with all this! Natalie Portman controls the wormhole!
 
Agent 12: Our window of opportunity is closing, sir! The wormhole has to be opened now!
 
THC President: Alright Ms. Portman, we need you to open your wormhole.
 
Natalie: [rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the left, then to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmmmmm. No.
 
THC President: Please, Ms. Portman, you've got to open your wormhole right now!
 
Natalie: [rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmm. [then to the right] Uh uh.
 
THC President: Curses and cranberries! I must get to Plymouth now! Do as they say!
 
Natalie: [rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the left, then to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmmmmm. No.
 
THC President: There has to be a way to get the portal open! Where's our expert?! [everyone moves aside to reveal Kyle] What do we do, Professor Broflovski?
 
Kyle: I'm not a professor.
 
THC President: The History Channel said you were!
 
Kyle: You are the fucking History Channel!
 
Miles: [walks up to Kyle and genuflects] Please, Kyle of DeVry Institute. There is no more time for squabbles. The universe is at stake!
 
THC President: [walks up to Kyle and genuflects] You knew everything else. You somehow knew about all of this. You knew it... here. [points to Kyle's heart.] You must know... how to get Natalie Portman to open her wormhole.
 
Kyle: So, do you uh, do you have any brothers or sisters, Natalie?
 
Natalie: I had a lot of really close friends growing up, but not any brothers and sisters; I was an only child.
 
Kyle: [having trouble with small talk] Wow, awesome. Um...
 
Natalie: I have dual citizenship in the United States and Israel. [a waiter with a bottle of wine walks by and Kyle snaps his fingers twice, then indicates to the waiter that Natalie should get some more wine. The waiter serves it] Oh thanks.
 
Kyle: Um... so... [behind him, everyone involved in the portal matter is watching them] So dual citizenship, wow, uh... You know that I, I never knew anyone that had that.
 
Natalie: Well, I went to Harvard while I was acting. I got a BA. But I did classes at the University of Jerusalem too.
 
Kyle: Cool. Cool... You wanna order some dessert?
 
Natalie: Thanks, that was a lot of fun.
 
Kyle: Yeah, it was cool, thanks. [looks over his shoulder. Miles motions at him to continue] Um, so... Is there any way you'd
 
Natalie: What?
 
Kyle: You know, could youuu...
 
Natalie: What?
 
Kyle: Would you please just open your wormhole?!
 
Natalie: [rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the right, then to the left] Oh. [moves her torso to the right, then to the left] Mmmm... [moves her torso to the right] no.
 
Kyle: [sighs in exasperation] Errh!
 
Natalie: [rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the left, then to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmmmmm. Okay.
 
Miles: Yes!
 
THC President: Alright, let's go, folks! [he and several other men go towards Plymouth Rock]
 
Natalie: Just for a sec though. [turns around and joins them]
 
Miles: Thank you, Kyle of DeVry Institute. Now the Indians can be stopped and Thanksgiving will be saved!
 
Kyle: Yeeah, you're welcome. I'm sorry I doubted you. And guys, I'm I'm sorry I acted like a know-it-all. [behind the rock, Natalie's legs go up in the air]
 
Stan: It's cool dude, we understand.
 
Kyle: I guess we should all realize... [the portal is activated] that history and alien technology really do go hand in hand. [the portal shoots out into space towards planet Plymouth]
 
Miles: [rises with his sword unsheathed] Now make way, children! For I have a war to fight! [runs towards the rock, jumps on it, and into the portal stream] For stuffing!! [goes towards planet Plymouth]
 
Indian Chief: Take ALL their stuffing!
 
Pilgrim: The treaty ends now! [the Indians retreat as flying galleons sweep over the stuffing mines with powerful rays, destroying any Indians along the way]
 
Narrator: With the wormhole once again open, Miles Standish was finally able to command a Pilgrim army.
 
Miles: Now attack their left flank! Good! They're retreating! Hit them with the anti-Indian device! [A destroyer walks in and obliterates all the Indians with its powerful beams]
 
Narrator: The Pilgrims fought off the Indians, making stuffing once again available on all our Thanksgiving tables.
 
Random Voices: Yea. Stuffing mines. Yea.
 
Narrator: And now you know the true story behind Thanksgiving.
 
Stan: Wow, there's a lot about Thanksgiving I never knew before.
 
Cartman: Yeah, History Channel rules.
 
Narrator: But was the first Thanksgiving really just about Pilgrims and Indians from space? Or was there something more? Shocking new evidence suggests that the first Thanksgiving might also have been... [an image of a woman appears against a wall] haunted!
 
Donald T. Brown: [Ph. D., University of Phoenix] There is certainly no evidence that the first Thanksgiving dinner was not haunted.
 
Narrator: The Pilgrims welcomed the Indians, but did they also unknowingly welcome spirits from beyond the grave? [ghostly figures appear here and there.]
 
Cartman: [curious] Ohhh??
 
Kyle: [throws up his arms in exasperation] Oh, come on!!
 
End of the episode. 
 
